**Name:** Alan
**Date:** 09/01/00-08:13:37 PM Z

  - **Next message:** [Alan: "Mason code"](0001.html)
  - **Next in thread:** [Alan: "Mason code"](0001.html)
  - **Maybe reply:** [Alan: "Mason code"](0001.html)
    [[ author ]](author.html#0)

-----

Hi,  
    I have developed a Mathematica program that computes the traces of  
gamma-matrices, simplifies sums of delta-functions (Einstein summation  
convention), and evaluates certain types of Feynman integrals, namely
the  
ones in Itzykson and Zuber "QFT", pp. 419-422. I took much trouble to  
simplify the intermediate expressions in a useful, controlled and
general  
way, this is roughly 80% of the code.  
    Though the code has been debugged, I do not get the results in
I-Z;  
perhaps they are incorrect. An indication of this is Eq. (8-119) in
that  
book. It is not manifestly symmetric in rho and sigma, and in fact the
trace  
of the gamma matrices is not symmetric in rho and sigma at all. Theory
says  
that \\Gamma in (8.115) is symmetric in rho and sigma, but that's only
after  
the integration is performed. I do not get their result whether or not
I  
symmetrize (8-119). The situation in I-Z is delicate anyway, as
analysis  
shows that one of the integrals on p. 421 is divergent, so there is
some  
question of what an "exact" calculation should give.  

    I'd be interested in hearing from others who have attempted the  
calculations in I-Z, and suggest this as a rather stringent test case.  
(Incidentally, it is outrageous of I-Z to have included such a brutish  
calculation in what is supposed to be a textbook, without even
indicating  
that the calculations were computer-aided.)  

    I have two files, a run file and a code file. Five or six pages of  
analysis are also available (power-counting to keep track of
divergences,  
organization of the calculations).  

Yours truly,  
Alan Mason  

PS. It would be good to have software to automatically evaluate
integrals  
like (5.23) in Abrikosov et al. "Methods of QFT in Stat. Phys." See
paper by  
Belyakov (Sov. Phys. JETP, Vol. 13, No. 4) . The problem is to automate
the  
handling of the domains of integration; perhaps this is too difficult
though  
it can be done by hand in this special case. Has anyone obtained
Belyakov's  
results using Mathematica?  

-----

  - **Next message:** [Alan: "Mason code"](0001.html)
  - **Next in thread:** [Alan: "Mason code"](0001.html)
  - **Maybe reply:** [Alan: "Mason code"](0001.html)
    [[ author ]](author.html#0)

-----

