**Name:** Alan
**Date:** 09/04/00-09:55:30 PM Z

  - **Next message:** [Robert A. McNees: "Re: AKSON"](0002.html)
  - **Previous message:** [Alan: "Mason code"](0000.html)
    [[ author ]](author.html#1)

-----

Hi Frederik,  
I'm sending the code in two parts-- a runfile called MASON\_IZrun.nb,
and a  
code file  
called MASON\_IZcode.nb. Controlling the precise form of the
intermediate  
expressions and conservation of simplification are a major preoccupation
of  
the code, which I'm leaving unpackaged. The code dealing with these
aspects  
should be generally useful and in any case illustrates the headaches
that  
arise.  

AOL limits me to 32 KB transfers without using attachments. I myself
never  
accept attachments, don't use the Microsoft Office products, and have
never  
been infected, so you will be quite safe. If you still prefer not to
accept  
attachments, or can't handle the AOL attachment format, I can break the
code  
file into three parts and mail them separately  

A fairly thorough study of pp. 419-422 in Itzakson and Zuber is needed
to see  
what the code is doing; just running the runfile will give some idea,
though.  
If there's interest, I can type up my handwritten notes in a TEX file
that  
gives the underlying analysis (mostly power counting).  

Yours truly,  
Alan  

-----

  - application/zip attachment:
    [MASON\_IZcode.ZIP](att-0001/01-MASON_IZcode.ZIP)

-----

  - **Next message:** [Robert A. McNees: "Re: AKSON"](0002.html)
  - **Previous message:** [Alan: "Mason code"](0000.html)
    [[ author ]](author.html#1)

-----

