**Name:** Frederik Orellana
**Date:** 09/05/00-01:25:17 PM Z

  - **Next message:** [Frederik Orellana: "Re: Some more corrections and
    questions"](0013.html)
  - **Previous message:** [Frederik Orellana: "Re: Entry error in the
    name of the module"](0011.html)
    [[ author ]](author.html#12)

-----

Thanks to Hidemi Akimoto for helping fixing this problem.  
Below follows our mail exchange. Might be usefull untill  
the next update is out.  

Frederik  

*\>Hi,*  
*\>*  
*\>You did a nice fix\!*  
*\>*  
*\>I could run the FeynCalc 4.1 on Mac 9.0. and*  
*\>do gamma matrix calculation without problems.*  
*\>*  
*\>You can put our small mail exchange, however*  
*\>could you put my another mail address*  
*\>[ahcky_at_HIDDEN-E-MAIL]
instead of this address*  
*\>akimoto_at_HIDDEN-E-MAIL.*  
*\>*  
*\>Thank you,*  
*\>Hidemi Akimoto*  
*\>*  
*\>*  
*\>\>Hi again.*  
*\>\>*  
*\>\>I localized the problem\! Its again the different behaviour of*  
*\>\>FileNames under Under Mac OS: FileNames[] returns a list of
names*  
*\>\>that start with ":", which is not what we want, so we'll have to*  
*\>\>correct it: in FeynCalc.m, replace*  
*\>\>*  
*\>\>(\* get all the directories (like general, qcd, fctools, fctables
\*)*  
*\>\>hepdirs = Complement[ Select[FileNames[],
FileType[\#]===Directory\&],*  
*\>\>*  
HighEnergyPhysics\`FeynCalc\`$ExcludeAutomaticDeclarePackageDirectories];  
*\>\>*  
*\>\>with*  
*\>\>*  
*\>\>(\* get all the directories (like general, qcd, fctools, fctables
\*)*  
*\>\>hepdirs = Select[FileNames[],
FileType[\#]===Directory\&];*  
*\>\>*  
*\>\>(\* fix for Mac OS \*)*  
*\>\>If[StringMatchQ[$OperatingSystem, "\*MacOS\*"],*  
*\>\> hepdirs = If[StringMatchQ[\#, ":\*"],
StringDrop[\#, 1], \#] & /@*  
hepdirs]  
*\>\>*  
*\>\>hepdirs = Complement[ hepdirs,*  
*\>\>*  
HighEnergyPhysics\`FeynCalc\`$ExcludeAutomaticDeclarePackageDirectories];  
*\>\>*  
*\>\>*  
*\>\>After that, you should be able to load without problems.*  
*\>\>*  
*\>\>This fix will of course be included in the next update.*  
*\>\>*  
*\>\>*  
*\>\>Frederik*  
*\>\>*  
*\>\>\>Hi again.*  
*\>\>\>*  
*\>\>\>I now checked doing \<\<HighEnergyPhysics\`fc\` on a Mac and got
the same*  
as you.  
*\>\>\>*  
*\>\>\>The reason is that FileNames seems to behave differently on the
Mac*  
*\>\>\>than under Linux. FileNames[directory] returns
{directory} under*  
*\>\>\>Linux, but {} on a Mac. To fix, in the beginning of
FeynCalc.m,*  
change  
*\>\>\>*  
*\>\>\>If[FileNames[HighEnergyPhysics\`FeynCalc\`$FeynCalcDirectory]
== {},*  
*\>\>\> Print["Could not find FeynCalc installation.*  
*\>\>\>Quitting the Mathematica kernel."];*  
*\>\>\> Quit[]; Exit[];*  
*\>\>\> ];*  
*\>\>\>*  
*\>\>\>to*  
*\>\>\>*  
*\>\>\>If[FileNames["\*",HighEnergyPhysics\`FeynCalc\`$FeynCalcDirectory]
==*  
{},  
*\>\>\> Print["Could not find FeynCalc installation.*  
*\>\>\>Quitting the Mathematica kernel."];*  
*\>\>\> Quit[]; Exit[];*  
*\>\>\> ];*  
*\>\>\>*  
*\>\>\>*  
*\>\>\>However, unfortunately, then I got a lot of other errors... I'll
look*  

*\>\>\>into it and make sure the next update will run under MacOS. Any
help*  
*\>\>\>is welcome :-)*  
*\>\>\>*  
*\>\>\>*  
*\>\>\>Cheers, Frederik*  
*\>\>\>*  
*\>\>\>\>Sorry not to put additional information.*  
*\>\>\>\>*  
*\>\>\>\>Mathematica is running on MAC OS 9.0 of*  
*\>\>\>\>PowerBook G3.*  
*\>\>\>\>The version of Mathematica is 3.0.*  
*\>\>\>\>*  
*\>\>\>\>Yes, 'HighEnergyPhysics' is located in*  
*\>\>\>\>the 'AddOns/Applications' directory.*  
*\>\>\>\>*  
*\>\>\>\>I am wondering if I should do other setups.*  
*\>\>\>\>*  
*\>\>\>\>Thank you,*  
*\>\>\>\>Hidemi Akimoto*  
*\>\>\>\>*  
*\>\>\>\>\> Hi. Have you placed the directory 'HighEnergyPhysics'*  
*\>\>\>\>\> in the 'AddOns/Applications' directory? If so, it*  
*\>\>\>\>\> should work. If not, you need to set the variable*  
*\>\>\>\>\> $FeynCalcDirectory in 'FCConfig.m'.*  
*\>\>\>\>*  
*\>\>\>\>\> We have only tested on Linux, so there might be some*  
*\>\>\>\>\> issues with other platforms. Which system are you using*  
*\>\>\>\>\> (Solaris, Linux, Mac OS,...)?*  
*\>\>\>\>*  
*\>\>\>\>\> Frederik*  
*\>\>\>\>*  
*\>\>\>\>*  
*\>\>\>\>\>\> Hello,*  
*\>\>\>\>\>\>*  
*\>\>\>\>\>\> I have a question of FeynCalc 4.10.*  
*\>\>\>\>\>\>*  
*\>\>\>\>\>\> When I start FeynCalc by issuing*  
*\>\>\>\>\>\>*  
*\>\>\>\>\>\> \<\<HighEnergyPhysics\`fc\`*  
*\>\>\>\>\>\>*  
*\>\>\>\>\>\> in Mathematica window.*  
*\>\>\>\>\>\>*  
*\>\>\>\>\>\> It complains with the message*  
*\>\>\>\>\>\>*  
*\>\>\>\>\>\> "Could not find FeynCalc installation. Quitting the*  
*\>\>\>\>\>\> Mathematica kernel."*  
*\>\>\>\>\>\>*  
*\>\>\>\>\>\> and I can not start FeynCalc.*  
*\>\>\>\>\>\>*  
*\>\>\>\>\>\> I need any other setup? If you have a clue, I appreciate
it.*  
*\>\>\>\>\>\>*  
*\>\>\>\>\>\> Thank you, Hidemi Akimoto*  

-----

  - **Next message:** [Frederik Orellana: "Re: Some more corrections and
    questions"](0013.html)
  - **Previous message:** [Frederik Orellana: "Re: Entry error in the
    name of the module"](0011.html)
    [[ author ]](author.html#12)

-----

