**Name:** Frederik Orellana
**Date:** 03/06/01-01:47:07 PM Z

  - **Next message:** [fjob_at_HIDDEN-E-MAIL: "Re: Problem with
    FeynCalcForm?"](0044.html)
  - **Previous message:** [Rolf Mertig: "Re: FeynCalc"](0042.html)
  - **Next in thread:** [fjob_at_HIDDEN-E-MAIL: "Re: Problem with
    FeynCalcForm?"](0044.html)
  - **Reply:** [fjob_at_HIDDEN-E-MAIL: "Re: Problem with
    FeynCalcForm?"](0044.html)
    [[ author ]](author.html#43)

-----

Dear Asesh.  

Please notice that I have forwarded this mail to the forum on  
www.feyncalc.org, so others (Rolf) can comment too. Please reply to  
feyncalc_at_HIDDEN-E-MAIL.  

1\) It does indeed seem as if there are some problems with the display  
function FeynCalcForm. I always work with the FrontEnd interface, so I  
didn't notice. If you load FeynCalc from the FrontEnd e.g.  
Spinor[-Momentum[p5], M5, 1] is displayed as a spinor
with a negative  
momentum argument. Not as u or v. The u or v display is caused by
FeynCalc  
automatically setting $PrePrint to FeynCalcForm when loaded from the  
command line. You can change this behaviour with the commands FI and
FC.  

v[-p5] should be v[p5] like before. If you evaluate a
Spinor alone (not in  
a Dot product), this is still the behaviour:  

         In[33]:= Spinor[-Momentum[p5], M5, 1]  

         Out[33]= v[p5, M5]  

The mass argument is not displayed in v[-p5] in the last of your
examples.  

2\) This is a behaviour seen only when working on the command line. So  
probably also a problem with FeynCalcForm.  

3\) The simplification applied to the output by default might have
changed  
but you can still apply things like DiracSimplify, Calc or
Mathematica's  
own Simplify  

Points 1 and 2 seem to indicate possible bugs. I will look at this.
Rolf,  
do you have any comments?  

Frederik  

At 18:33 05-03-2001 +0100, you wrote:  

*\>Dear Frederik,*  
*\>*  
*\>I sent you two mails earlier. This time I am sending you a typical*  
*\>mathematica file to rum under the FeynCalc. Under the main body of
the*  
*\>file I pointed out the difference between the outputs from the
earlier*  
*\>(FeynCalc2.2beta.m (1995)) and the latest versions of FeynCalc.*  
*\>*  
*\>Specifically I like to understand following specific things. Would
you*  
*\>kindly find your convenience to help me in this regard.*  
*\>*  
*\>1. The convention for the spinors: If I use simply the input
function*  
*\> 'Spinor' (which is still there in the new version) to specify the*  
*\> spinors, then I am bit confused with the convention adopted for
the*  
*\> sign of the momentum in the argument of the spinor (for u and v*  
*\> spinors). This was somewhat clear in the older version where a*  
*\> spinor with a Negative Momentum in the argument is understood to be
a*  
*\> 'v-spinor' with a Positive Momentum. In the outputs pasted below
the*  
*\> attached Mathematica file, this does not hold.*  
*\>*  
*\> Please note that for Out[3] in that file the first Spinor is
u[-p1]*  
*\> from the Old Version while it is v[-p1] from the New version
while*  
*\> I expect it to be v[p1]. On the other hand, in
Out[4], for the Spinor*  
*\> v[p5,M5], it is what I expect. The notation somehow depends
on whether*  
*\> we have a mass for the spinor or not. I pointed it out in one of*  
*\> my earlier mails. Please comment.*  
*\>*  
*\>2. Confusion with Complex Conjugation: The older version conjugates
the*  
*\> given amplitude so that the coefficients of pl and pr are
interchanged*  
*\> as compared to the original amplitude. This is not so in the New*  
*\> version. Please go through the Out[5].*  
*\>*  
*\>3. Simplification: Whenever there is a big expression (as is quite
common*  
*\> with such tedious amplitudes) the degree of simplification had not
been*  
*\> as usually expected. Could you please comment on whether the
DEFAULT*  
*\> capacity for Simplification is enhanced in the New Version.*  
*\>*  
*\>*  
*\>Please let me know whether the simple-minded approach I took to
realise*  
*\>the things really expects too much from the package\! Also please let
me*  
*\>know if I have faltered in some basic issues.*  
*\>*  
*\>*  
*\>Waiting eagerly for your comments.*  
*\>With best regards,*  
*\> Asesh*  

(p1s=DiracSlash[p1];  
p2s=DiracSlash[p2];  
p3s=DiracSlash[p3];  
p4s=DiracSlash[p4];  
p5s=DiracSlash[p5];  
pl= DiracGamma[7];  
pr= DiracGamma[6];)  

(\*  
pl=DiracMatrix[7];  
pr=DiracMatrix[6];)  
\*)  

LorentzIndex[mu];  
LorentzIndex[mup];  
LorentzIndex[al];  
LorentzIndex[alp];  
LorentzIndex[be];  
LorentzIndex[bep];  

dmu:= DiracMatrix[mu];  
dmup:= DiracMatrix[mup];  
dal:= DiracMatrix[al];  
dalp:= DiracMatrix[alp];  
dbe:= DiracMatrix[be];  
dbep:= DiracMatrix[bep];  

(\* pl and pr are helicity projection operators defined above \*)  

GSZ3A:= CA1 (A1 pl+ A2 pr) FMIX1A + CA2 (A3 pl + A4 pr) FMIX2A;  
EEZ:= (pl CLE+ pr CRE);  

(\* Following are the two fermion lines of a typical Feynman diagram
\*)  

line1SZ3:=Spinor[-p1].dal.EEZ.Spinor[p2];  
line2SZ3:=Spinor[p4,M4].dbe.(OL pl+OR
pr).(p3s+p5s-MGJ).(GSZ3A).\\  
           Spinor[-p5,M5];  

GNUM:= -MetricTensor[al,be];  

(\* Amplitude and its hermitian conjugate constructed from the fermion
lines \*)  

ampSZ3:= -I Contract[line1SZ3 GNUM line2SZ3];  
campSZ3:= ComplexConjugate[ampSZ3];  

spinsumSZ3:= FermionSpinSum[ampSZ3 campSZ3];  

traceSZ3:= Tr[spinsumSZ3];  

(\*\#\#\#\#\#\#\#\#\#\#\#\#\#\#\#\#\#\#\#\#\#\#\#\#\#\#\#\#\#\#\#\#\#\#\#\#\#\#\#\#\#\#\#\#\#\#\#\#\#\#\#\#\#\#\#\#\#\#\#\#\#\#\#\#\#\#\#\#\#\#\*)  

(\* Outputs from Old and New Versions Compared \*)  

(\*  

In[3]:= line1SZ3  

Out[3]= u[-p1] ga[al] ga[7] CLE +
ga[6] CRE u[p2] (\*\*\* Old \*\*\*)  

Out[3]= v[-p1] . ga[al] . (ga[7] CLE +
ga[6] CRE) . u[p2] (\*\*\* New \*\*\*)  
\--------------------------------------------------------------------------  

line[4]:= line2SZ3  

Out[4]= u[p4, M4] ga[be] ga[7] OL +
ga[6] OR gs[p3] + gs[p5] - MGJ  

   (ga[7] A1 + ga[6] A2) CA1 FMIX1A + (ga[7] A3
+ ga[6] A4) CA2 FMIX2A  

   v[p5, M5] (\*\*\* Old \*\*\*)  

Out[4]= u[p4, M4] . ga[be] . (ga[7] OL +
ga[6] OR) .  

   (gs[p3] + gs[p5] - MGJ) . ((ga[7] A1 +
ga[6] A2) CA1 FMIX1A +  

     (ga[7] A3 + ga[6] A4) CA2 FMIX2A) . v[p5,
M5] (\*\*\* New \*\*\*)  

\-----------------------------  

In[5]:= ComplexConjugate[%]  

Out[5]= v[p5, M5] (ga[6] A1 + ga[7] A2)
CA1 FMIX1A +  

    (ga[6] A3 + ga[7] A4) CA2 FMIX2A gs[p3] +
gs[p5] - MGJ ga[6] OL + ga[7] OR  

   ga[be\*] u[p4, M4] (\*\*\* Old \*\*\*)  

Out[5]= v[-p5] . ((ga[7] A1 + ga[6] A2)
CA1 FMIX1A +  

     (ga[7] A3 + ga[6] A4) CA2 FMIX2A) . (gs[p3]
+ gs[p5] - MGJ) .  

   (ga[7] OL + ga[6] OR) . ga[be\*] . u[p4,
M4] (\*\*\* New \*\*\*)  

\*)  

-----

  - **Next message:** [fjob_at_HIDDEN-E-MAIL: "Re: Problem with
    FeynCalcForm?"](0044.html)
  - **Previous message:** [Rolf Mertig: "Re: FeynCalc"](0042.html)
  - **Next in thread:** [fjob_at_HIDDEN-E-MAIL: "Re: Problem with
    FeynCalcForm?"](0044.html)
  - **Reply:** [fjob_at_HIDDEN-E-MAIL: "Re: Problem with
    FeynCalcForm?"](0044.html)
    [[ author ]](author.html#43)

-----

