**Name:** Frederik Orellana
**Date:** 08/13/02-05:43:59 PM Z

  - **Next message:** [rolf_at_HIDDEN-E-MAIL: "Re: Feyncalc refuses to expand
    LC"](0088.html)
  - **Previous message:** [Sanisnack: "About the compatibility bethween
    FeynArts and FeynCalc"](0086.html)
  - **Maybe in reply to:** [Sanisnack: "About the compatibility bethween
    FeynArts and FeynCalc"](0086.html)
    [[ author ]](author.html#87)

-----

Hi Francesco.  
  
You're not missing anything. The problem is that what you're doing is
something I did not attempt with FeynCalc(PHI)+FeynArts ; namely using
the models coming with FeynArts. However, it should of course be
possible. The patch which is applied is applied only to the FeynArts
program files, not the model files. Therefore there is a naming conflict
when using the patched FeynArts program with the unpatched files.  
  
The fix is to patch the model files too. I attach a notebook
demonstrating a quick fix (patching sm.mod and Lorentz.gen) to get you
running and will incorporate the fix into the next version of FeynCalc
which I will put up as soon as possible. The sownload file will still
bear the name HighEnergyPhysics.tar.gz, as I don't feel ready for a new
version number.  
  
Thanks for reporting the problem.  
  
Frederik  
  
At 15:38 13-08-2002 +0200, you wrote:  

> Hi,  
> Could you help me? I'd like to understand the way I can traslate SM or
> SMQCD amplitudes from FeynArts to FaynCalc format to continue the
> calculation.  
>    
> Maibe some setteing (that I have not undestand) is required to work
> using the general model "Lorentz" and models SM or SMQCD.  
>    
> 1\) I have unpacked the last version of FeynCalc and FeynArts3 in the
> right places  
>    
> 2\) I loaded the packages  
>    
> $LoadPhi=True;  
> $LoadFeynArts=True;  
> \<\<"HighEnergyPhysics\`FeynCalc\`"  
>    
> and processed the pach  
>    
> 3\) I tried to evaluate:  
>    
> In[4]:=  
> tt=CreateTopologies[0,2\\[Rule]2];  
>    
>   
> In[6]:=  
> aa=InsertFields[tt,{F[2,{1}],-F[2,{1}]}\\[Rule]{F[2,{2}],-F[2,{2}]},  
> ExcludeParticles\\[Rule]{V[2],V[3],  
> S[\_]},InsertionLevel\\[Rule]Classes,
> Model\\[Rule]"SM"];  
>    
>   
> \>From In[6]:=  
> \\\!\\(\\\*FormBox[  
>   RowBox[{\\(InitializeModel::"incomp2"\\), \\(\\(:\\)\\(\\
> \\)\\),  
> "\\\<\\"Incompatible \\  
> index structure in classes coupling \\\\\!  
>    
>   
> .....  
>    
>   
> [\\\\0\\\\](file://\\\\0\\\\)) indices, not \>"}],  
> TraditionalForm]\\)  
>    
>   
> Out[6]=  
> \\\!\\(TraditionalForm\\$Aborted\\)  
>    
>   
> What is wrong or missing?  
> Is there any  
> a) command  
> b) setting or  
> c) sub-package  
> to insert SM or QCDSM fields in the topology and continue
> calculation?  
>    
>   
> Thank you very much for the time yuo will spend to answer  
> Best Regards  
> Francesco Tramontano

-----

  - text/plain attachment: [ModelsPatch.nb](att-0087/01-ModelsPatch.nb)

-----

  - **Next message:** [rolf_at_HIDDEN-E-MAIL: "Re: Feyncalc refuses to expand
    LC"](0088.html)
  - **Previous message:** [Sanisnack: "About the compatibility bethween
    FeynArts and FeynCalc"](0086.html)
  - **Maybe in reply to:** [Sanisnack: "About the compatibility bethween
    FeynArts and FeynCalc"](0086.html)
    [[ author ]](author.html#87)

-----

