**Name:** Frederik Orellana
**Date:** 09/03/02-11:09:07 AM Z

  - **Next message:** [Tramontano Francesco: "One Loop Scalar
    Integrals"](0097.html)
  - **Previous message:** [Tramontano Francesco: "FAToFC and Feynman
    Parametrization"](0095.html)
  - **In reply to:** [Tramontano Francesco: "FAToFC and Feynman
    Parametrization"](0095.html)
    [[ author ]](author.html#96)

-----

Hi Francesco.  

*\>1) I will try the updated version, however, to continue the
calculation I*  
*\>replaced the whole FA-Quark-Gluon-Vertex with the FC QuarkGluonVertex
in*  
*\>this way:*  
*\>*  
*\>ampFA = CreateFeynAmp[ff];*  
*\>ampPL = PickLevel[Classes][ampFA];*  
*\>ampF1 = ToFA1Conventions[ampPL];*  
*\>ampF1 /.
{((-I)\*GStrong\*DiracGamma[LorentzIndex[cli\_]].DiracGamma[6]\**  
*\> SUNT[\_[\_, 1], \_, \_] -*  
*\>
I\*GStrong\*DiracGamma[LorentzIndex[cli\_]].DiracGamma[7]\**  
*\> SUNT[\_[\_, 1], \_, \_]) -\>*  
*\> QuarkGluonVertex[cli,*  
*\> a],
((-I)\*GStrong\*DiracGamma[LorentzIndex[cli\_]].DiracGamma[6]\**  
*\> SUNT[\_[\_, 2], \_, \_] -*  
*\>
I\*GStrong\*DiracGamma[LorentzIndex[cli\_]].DiracGamma[7]\**  
*\> SUNT[\_[\_, 2], \_, \_]) -\>*  
*\> QuarkGluonVertex[cli,*  
*\> b],*  
*\> DiracSpinor[mom\_, mas\_] -\> Spinor[mom, mas],
SumOver[\_[\_, \_], \_] -\>*  
*\>1,*  
*\> SumOver[\_[\_, \_], \_, \_] -\> 1,*  
*\> GStrong -\> Gstrong, Index[Gluon, 1] -\> "a",
Index[Gluon, 2] -\> "b"};*  
*\>*  
*\>and used the FC SUN machinary. Is there any problem in doing so?*  

No, on the contrary, nice that you found a way around the "bug" in my  
previous update (I had forgotten that Rolf actually already put  
QuarkGluonVertex in FeynCalc) The newest update should however work
nicely  
as illustrated by the notebook attached to my previous post  

<[0097.html](0097.html)>  

W.r.t. Gstrong it's just a typo of mine. In the original FeynArts
model  
file "SMQCD.mod" the symbol GS is used; but this symbol is already in
use  
by FeynCalc, so FAPatch changes it to GStrong; I've changed that to
Gstrong  
now (not that it's all that important).  

*\>2) In the updated version too it seems that there is a problem in
FAToFC*  
*\>when a vector boson is in the initial state: renaming momenta some*  
*\>particle in FA notation became antipaticle in FC notation*  
*\>*  
*\>I tried with:*  
*\>*  
*\>tt = CreateTopologies[0, 2 -\> 1];*  
*\>aa = InsertFields[tt, {V[3], F[3, {1}]} -\>
{F[4, {1}]},*  
*\> InsertionLevel -\> Classes, Model -\> "SMQCD", GenericModel -\>*  
*\>"Lorentz"];*  
*\>*  
*\>after FAToFC d-quark momentum K1 become -p3. (different momentum*  
*\>conservation conventions?)*  

Notice that what you see as k1 (with "Default Output Format Type" set
to  
"TraditionalForm" - done automatically on loading FeynCalc) is
actually  
FourMomentum[Outgoing, 1] (try FourMomentum[Outgoing, 1]
// StandardForm).  
That is, FeynArts keeps track of which particles are incoming and which
are  
outgoing. FeynCalc simply counts all particles as incoming. Therefore
the  
change of sign.  

*\>3) In performing integration over loop momenta I don't succeded to
use*  
*\>FeynmanParametrize1, FeynmanReduce and FeynmanDoIntegrals, maibe I
was*  
*\>inserting wrong input. Could you write an example? Is there some
package*  
*\>with evaluated scalar function integrals in FC or elsewhere?*  

Hmm. So you tried out FeynmanParametrize1, FeynmanReduce and  
FeynmanDoIntegrals... I added these functions some time ago and wanted
to  
develop them further, never had the time and didn't do much testing
either.  
They are really to be considered experimental at best. As long as you
are  
at one loop, why don't you just use OneLoop and get your amplitude in
terms  
of standard Passarino-Veltman functions? OneLoop is heavily tested by  
both Rolf and myself.  

I attach a notebook (an unfinished calculation) to show you in which  
direction I was going with FeynmanParametrize1, FeynmanReduce and  
FeynmanDoIntegrals. Notice that, as always, you can get information
about  
what's happening by setting $VeryVerbose to 1,2 or 3 instead of 0. Bug  
reports, bug fixes and improvements are of course very welcome.  

Frederik  

-----

  - text/plain attachment:
    [TwoLoopVacPol-F.nb](att-0096/01-TwoLoopVacPol-F.nb)

-----

  - **Next message:** [Tramontano Francesco: "One Loop Scalar
    Integrals"](0097.html)
  - **Previous message:** [Tramontano Francesco: "FAToFC and Feynman
    Parametrization"](0095.html)
  - **In reply to:** [Tramontano Francesco: "FAToFC and Feynman
    Parametrization"](0095.html)
    [[ author ]](author.html#96)

-----

