**Name:** Frederik Orellana
**Date:** 11/03/02-01:56:12 PM Z

  - **Next message:** [forshaw_at_HIDDEN-E-MAIL: "Re: Problems with
    OneLoop"](0111.html)
  - **Previous message:** [rolf_at_HIDDEN-E-MAIL: "Re: One Loop Scalar
    Integrals"](0109.html)
  - **In reply to:** [Dr Jeff Forshaw: "Problems with
    OneLoop"](0104.html)
  - **Next in thread:** [forshaw_at_HIDDEN-E-MAIL: "Re: Problems with
    OneLoop"](0111.html)
  - **Reply:** [forshaw_at_HIDDEN-E-MAIL: "Re: Problems with
    OneLoop"](0111.html)

-----

Hi\!  

Sorry for the late reply. And thanks for testing.  

There are two issues:  

1\) The syntax accepted by OneLoop (try ?OneLoop): OneLoop[q,
amplitude],  
where q is a raw symbol and amplitude is an amplitude. You're giving a
list  
of amplitudes (admittedly a rather short one) as second argument. I
usually  
do OneLoop[q,\#]& /@ {amplitude1, ....}. We could of course make
OneLoop  
smarter and accept more diverse input - I don't know...  

2\) The FeynArts model files, which, as mentioned, I have not really
used:  
My patch script FAPatch.m replaces Global\`PolarizationVector with  
Global\`FAPolarizationVector. The reason for doing this is that
FeynCalc  
already uses the symbol PolarizationVector, but has it in a different  
context than Global\` and uses a different input syntax. Unfortunately,
I  
didn't notice that in the model files, the symbol PolarizationVector
is  
written as, well, PolarizationVector, not Global\`PolarizationVector,  
because the context is already Global\`. So my patch misses them. I
will, of  
course, correct this.  

So, to quickly fix it, replace PolarizationVector with
FAPolarizationVector  
in the files  
Lorentz.gen, Lorentzbgf.gen and QED.gen.  

Hope this helps.  

Frederik  

At 17:51 24-10-2002 +0100, you wrote:  
*\>Hi\!*  
*\>I have hit a problem using OneLoop. Have attached a notebook which*  
*\>illustrates it. It is very simple and I am hoping that I have made a
stupid*  
*\>mistake - being a beginner to all this\! Hope someone can put me
right.*  
*\>Thanks*  
*\>Jeff F*  
*\>*  
*\>=====================================*  
*\>Department of Physics & Astronomy*  
*\>University of Manchester*  
*\>Manchester M13 9PL*  
*\> UK*  
*\>Tel: +44 (0)161 275 4220; Fax: +44(0)161 275 4218*  
*\><http://theory.ph.man.ac.uk/~forshaw/>*  
*\>*  

-----

  - **Next message:** [forshaw_at_HIDDEN-E-MAIL: "Re: Problems with
    OneLoop"](0111.html)
  - **Previous message:** [rolf_at_HIDDEN-E-MAIL: "Re: One Loop Scalar
    Integrals"](0109.html)
  - **In reply to:** [Dr Jeff Forshaw: "Problems with
    OneLoop"](0104.html)
  - **Next in thread:** [forshaw_at_HIDDEN-E-MAIL: "Re: Problems with
    OneLoop"](0111.html)
  - **Reply:** [forshaw_at_HIDDEN-E-MAIL: "Re: Problems with
    OneLoop"](0111.html)

-----

