**Name:** Frederik Orellana
**Date:** 04/16/03-01:02:40 PM Z

  - **Next message:** [Frederik Orellana: "Re: a problem about \\gamma^0
    matrix"](0125.html)
  - **Previous message:** [Zhiwei Huang: "a problem about \\gamma^0
    matrix"](0123.html)
  - **In reply to:** [Zhiwei Huang: "a problem about \\gamma^0
    matrix"](0123.html)
  - **Next in thread:** [Frederik Orellana: "Re: a problem about
    \\gamma^0 matrix"](0125.html)
  - **Reply:** [Frederik Orellana: "Re: a problem about \\gamma^0
    matrix"](0125.html)

-----

FeynCalc does not deal with explicit Lorentz indices. In fact,  
LorentzIndex[0], LorentzIndex[1], ... get replaced
with  
ExplicitLorentzIndex[0], ExplicitLorentzIndex[1], ...
immediately.  

DiracSimplify[GA[ExplicitLorentzIndex[0],ExplicitLorentzIndex[0]]
should  
then not return 4. It should be left unevaluated. This should be
fixed.  
I will look at it. Thanks for reporting it.  

If you need to work with explicit Lorentz indices, you are more than  
welcome to contribute code to facilitate this.  

Cheers, Frederik  

Zhiwei Huang wrote:  
*\> I don't know how to input a single gamma matrix such as
\\gamma^0,*  
*\> \\gamma^1 and so on. In physics, the square of \\gamma^0
satisfies*  
*\> (\\gamma^0)^2 = 1. However, if I input
"GA[LorentzIndex[0]]", I find that*  
*\>
"DiracSimplify[GA[LorentzIndex[0],LorentzIndex[0]]"
is equal to 4, and*  
*\> if I input "GA[0]", I find that
"DiracSimplify[GA[0,0]" is equal to*  
*\> "DiracGamma(0).DiracGamma(0)", which is not I expect.*  
*\> Why I can not conduct \\gammma^0 like \\gamma^5? We can see that*  
*\> "DiracSimplify[GA[5, 5]]" is exactly equal to 1\!
It's wonderful.*  
*\> I want to find a command for \\gamma^0 matrix which works like
the*  
*\> \\gamma^5 case. But I can not find the way. So I really want to get
help*  
*\> from you.*  
*\>*  
*\>*  
*\>
------------------------------------------------------------------------*  
*\> \*Do You Yahoo\!?\**  
*\> "ÑÅ»¢ÑûÄã²ÎÓëCCTV-2¶Ô»°½ÚÄ¿µ÷²é£ºÒÆ¶¯¡¢ÁªÍ¨¡¢ÁéÍ¨£¬ÒªËµ°®Äã²»ÈÝÒ×*  
*\>
\<<http://rd.yahoo.com/mail_cn/tag/?http://cn.surveys.yahoo.com/cctv_wireless_study>\>*  
*\>*  

-----

  - **Next message:** [Frederik Orellana: "Re: a problem about \\gamma^0
    matrix"](0125.html)
  - **Previous message:** [Zhiwei Huang: "a problem about \\gamma^0
    matrix"](0123.html)
  - **In reply to:** [Zhiwei Huang: "a problem about \\gamma^0
    matrix"](0123.html)
  - **Next in thread:** [Frederik Orellana: "Re: a problem about
    \\gamma^0 matrix"](0125.html)
  - **Reply:** [Frederik Orellana: "Re: a problem about \\gamma^0
    matrix"](0125.html)

-----

