**Name:** Frederik Orellana
**Date:** 04/16/03-03:14:56 PM Z

  - **Next message:** [valer zetocha: "Euclidean metric?"](0126.html)
  - **Previous message:** [Frederik Orellana: "Re: a problem about
    \\gamma^0 matrix"](0124.html)
  - **In reply to:** [Frederik Orellana: "Re: a problem about \\gamma^0
    matrix"](0124.html)
  - **Next in thread:** [zwhuang: "a problem about \\gamma^0
    matrix"](0133.html)

-----

After thinking a bit about it, let me clarify:  

GA is a way of quickly inputting Dirac matrices. The arguments of GA  
should not be wrapped in LorentzIndex; this will be done
automatically.  

Thus the correct input is  

DiracSimplify[GA[0,0]]  

which returns (in StandardForm)  

DiracGamma[ExplicitLorentzIndex[0]].DiracGamma[ExplicitLorentzIndex[0]]  

as it should.  

Again: FeynCalc does not deal with explicit (integer) Lorentz indices,  
but if there is a real need for this kind of funtionality and someone
is  
willing to contribute the code, we will be happy to look at including
it  
in the distribution.  

Frederik  

Frederik Orellana wrote:  
*\> FeynCalc does not deal with explicit Lorentz indices. In fact,*  
*\> LorentzIndex[0], LorentzIndex[1], ... get replaced
with*  
*\> ExplicitLorentzIndex[0], ExplicitLorentzIndex[1],
... immediately.*  
*\>*  
*\>
DiracSimplify[GA[ExplicitLorentzIndex[0],ExplicitLorentzIndex[0]]
should*  
*\> then not return 4. It should be left unevaluated. This should be
fixed.*  
*\> I will look at it. Thanks for reporting it.*  
*\>*  
*\> If you need to work with explicit Lorentz indices, you are more
than*  
*\> welcome to contribute code to facilitate this.*  
*\>*  
*\> Cheers, Frederik*  
*\>*  
*\>*  
*\>*  
*\> Zhiwei Huang wrote:*  
*\>*  
*\>\> I don't know how to input a single gamma matrix such as
\\gamma^0,*  
*\>\>\\gamma^1 and so on. In physics, the square of \\gamma^0
satisfies*  
*\>\>(\\gamma^0)^2 = 1. However, if I input
"GA[LorentzIndex[0]]", I find that*  
*\>\>"DiracSimplify[GA[LorentzIndex[0],LorentzIndex[0]]"
is equal to 4, and*  
*\>\>if I input "GA[0]", I find that
"DiracSimplify[GA[0,0]" is equal to*  
*\>\>"DiracGamma(0).DiracGamma(0)", which is not I expect.*  
*\>\> Why I can not conduct \\gammma^0 like \\gamma^5? We can see
that*  
*\>\>"DiracSimplify[GA[5, 5]]" is exactly equal to 1\!
It's wonderful.*  
*\>\> I want to find a command for \\gamma^0 matrix which works like
the*  
*\>\>\\gamma^5 case. But I can not find the way. So I really want to get
help*  
*\>\>from you.*  
*\>\>*  
*\>\>*  
*\>\>------------------------------------------------------------------------*  
*\>\>\*Do You Yahoo\!?\**  
*\>\>"ÑÅ»¢ÑûÄã²ÎÓëCCTV-2¶Ô»°½ÚÄ¿µ÷²é£ºÒÆ¶¯¡¢ÁªÍ¨¡¢ÁéÍ¨£¬ÒªËµ°®Äã²»ÈÝÒ×*  
*\>\>\<<http://rd.yahoo.com/mail_cn/tag/?http://cn.surveys.yahoo.com/cctv_wireless_study>\>*  
*\>\>*  
*\>*  
*\>*  

-----

  - **Next message:** [valer zetocha: "Euclidean metric?"](0126.html)
  - **Previous message:** [Frederik Orellana: "Re: a problem about
    \\gamma^0 matrix"](0124.html)
  - **In reply to:** [Frederik Orellana: "Re: a problem about \\gamma^0
    matrix"](0124.html)
  - **Next in thread:** [zwhuang: "a problem about \\gamma^0
    matrix"](0133.html)

-----

