**Name:** Gilberto Tavares Velasco
**Date:** 04/21/03-07:52:59 AM Z

  - **Next message:** [Frederik Orellana: "Re: Problem using
    OneLoop"](0130.html)
  - **Previous message:** [Frederik Orellana: "Re: Problem using
    OneLoop"](0128.html)
  - **Next in thread:** [blunden_at_HIDDEN-E-MAIL: "Re: Possible bug in
    OneLoop"](0131.html)
  - **Reply:** [blunden_at_HIDDEN-E-MAIL: "Re: Possible bug in
    OneLoop"](0131.html)
  - **Maybe reply:** [Vladyslav Shtabovenko: "Re: Possible bug in
    OneLoop"](1150.html)

-----

Hi,  

I have been using FeynCalc during the last four years and think I just
have  
found a possible bug in the OneLoop function. In particular, I recently
had  
to do some problem that involves the calculation of the following
three  
point tensor integral (I will use abbreviated FeynCalc notation from
now  
on):  

M=FVD[k, \\[Mu]]SPD[k,
p]SPD[k](FAD[{k + p - q, mw}, {k + p + q, mw},  
{k,my}]-FAD[{k + p - q, mw}, {k + p + q, mw}, {k, mu}])  

where k is the arbitrary momentum to be integrated, p and q are
external  
momenta, and mw, mu and mv the masses of the particles in the loop.  

Note that the only difference in the terms in parenthesis is in the
last  
propagator, namely there is the change my-\>mu. It follows that M=0
when  
my=mu. Guess what? I accidentaly found that something weird is going on.
I  
computed M as follows  

T1=OneLoop[k,FVD[k, \\[Mu]]SPD[k,
p]SPD[k] FAD[{k + p - q, mw}, {k + p +  
q,mw}, {k, my}]]  
T2=T1/.my-\>mu  
M=T1-T2  

Then I evaluated the following  

M=(T1-T2) /.mu-\>my  

The result was of course zero.  

However, I accidentaly tried the following alternative and apparently  
unnecessary calculation:  

S1=FVD[k, \\[Mu]]SPD[k, p]SPD[k]
FAD[{k + p - q, mw}, {k + p + q, mw},{k,my}]  
S2=FVD[k, \\[Mu]]SPD[k, p]SPD[k]
FAD[{k + p - q, mw}, {k + p + q, mw},{k,mu}]  

M=S1-S2  

Just to check my result I evaluated  

Simplify[M /.mu-\>my]  

which did not returned zero. I did not panic since I knew that S1 and
S2  
were expressed in terms of Passarino-Veltman functions. Therefore, I
used  
the PaVeReduce function  

Simplify[PaVeReduce[M/.mv-\>my]]  

Unfortunately the results was still not zero. I revised carefully the
result  
and there is no way that it is zero. I do not know if it has to do with
a  
problem with my computer or my FeynCalc installation. I am running  
Mathematica 4.0 and have used FeynCalc 4.1.0.3b and 4.1.1. Also, I
have  
tried linux and windows XP and the problem remains. I think it might
be  
related to a problem with the OneLoop function. I am attaching a
(zipped)  
notebook (bug.nb) with the calculation and all the output that I got.
I  
will appreciate any help. What am I doing wrong?  

Thanks.  

-----

  - application/x-zip-compressed attachment:
    [bug.zip](att-0129/01-bug.zip)

-----

  - **Next message:** [Frederik Orellana: "Re: Problem using
    OneLoop"](0130.html)
  - **Previous message:** [Frederik Orellana: "Re: Problem using
    OneLoop"](0128.html)
  - **Next in thread:** [blunden_at_HIDDEN-E-MAIL: "Re: Possible bug in
    OneLoop"](0131.html)
  - **Reply:** [blunden_at_HIDDEN-E-MAIL: "Re: Possible bug in
    OneLoop"](0131.html)
  - **Maybe reply:** [Vladyslav Shtabovenko: "Re: Possible bug in
    OneLoop"](1150.html)

-----

