**Name:** Frederik Orellana
**Date:** 04/22/03-11:19:38 PM Z

  - **Next message:** [blunden_at_HIDDEN-E-MAIL: "Re: Possible bug in
    OneLoop"](0131.html)
  - **Previous message:** [Gilberto Tavares Velasco: "Possible bug in
    OneLoop"](0129.html)
  - **Maybe in reply to:** [V. Shtabovenko: "Problem using
    OneLoop"](1333.html)

-----

The decomposition of four-point functions rapidly gets very large with
the  
tensor rank (in the integration momentum). Does anyone have any
experience  
with doing this kind of integrals with straight-forward Feynman
parameter  
integration?  

FeynCalc provides the function TID for doing tensorial decomposition.
This  
function is used internally be OneLoopSimplify. So, setting the  
OneLoopSimplify -\> True when using OneLoop, should allow the
calculation of  
the integral you mention. This presumably also requires a good deal of  
patience.  

I have done the integral using something like the sequence of commands  
given below. The result was, as expected, a monstruously large
polynomial  
in the masses and external momenta with scalar functions B\_0, C\_0,
D\_0 as  
coefficients.  

The WriteString commands are just there to be able to follow the
progress.  
You may also want to set $VeryVerbose to 1 or 2.  

If you have suggestions on how to optimize things (FeynCalc code or  
calculational procedure), please let me know.  

Frederik  

amp=Pair[Momentum[k],Momentum[p1]]^3
FeynAmpDenominator[  
       PropagatorDenominator[k,lam],
PropagatorDenominator[(k-q),lam],  
       PropagatorDenominator[(k-p1),m],
PropagatorDenominator[(k+p2), M]]  

res=TID[amp, k, ScalarProductCancel -\> False];  

res // Length;  

res1=(WriteString["stdout","."]; OneLoop[k,\#])& /@
res;  

res1 // Length;  

(WriteString["stdout","."]; PaVeReduce[\#])& /@
Expand[res1];  

At 18:59 17-03-2003 -0500, you wrote:  
*\>I'm trying to do an integral that FeynCalc chokes on. The message
returned*  
*\>is the usual*  
*\>*  
*\>FYI: Tensor integrals of rank higher than 3 encountered; Please use
the*  
*\> option CancelQP -\> True or OneLoopSimplify-\>True or use another
program.*  
*\>*  
*\>However, it appears that CancelQP-\>True is the default, and
OneLoopSimplify*  
*\>expresses the results in terms of Contract3, which doesn't seem to
exist.*  
*\>*  
*\>The integrals are box diagrams, and a typical term would look
something like*  
*\>*  
*\>(k.p1)^3 /
[k^2-lam^2][(k-q)^2-lam^2][(k-p1)^2-m^2][(k+p2)^2-M^2]*  
*\>*  
*\>where p1^2=m^2 and p2^2=M^2. This term looks innocent enough, and in
fact*  
*\>looks to me like it IS of rank 3. By a lot of fudging and
manipulating I*  
*\>managed to get a result using ScalarProductCancel, but it is hit and
miss*  
*\>for various terms in the amplitude.*  
*\>*  
*\>Is there a fix in FeynCalc, or do I have to use another program (and
if so,*  
*\>which one)?*  

-----

  - **Next message:** [blunden_at_HIDDEN-E-MAIL: "Re: Possible bug in
    OneLoop"](0131.html)
  - **Previous message:** [Gilberto Tavares Velasco: "Possible bug in
    OneLoop"](0129.html)
  - **Maybe in reply to:** [V. Shtabovenko: "Problem using
    OneLoop"](1333.html)

-----

