**Name:** blunden_at_HIDDEN-E-MAIL
**Date:** 04/24/03-01:03:15 AM Z

  - **Next message:** [Gilberto Tavares: "More on the OneLoop
    puzzle"](0132.html)
  - **Previous message:** [Frederik Orellana: "Re: Problem using
    OneLoop"](0130.html)
  - **In reply to:** [Gilberto Tavares Velasco: "Possible bug in
    OneLoop"](0129.html)
  - **Next in thread:** [Vladyslav Shtabovenko: "Re: Possible bug in
    OneLoop"](1150.html)

-----

I don't have an answer to your question. Howver, I agree  
that there is a bug, or at least a terrible inconsistency, in how  
OneLoop handles this kind of UV divergent integral. This concerns me  
because I've been using FeynCalc to manipulate some integrals whose  
sum is finite, but with individual terms that are UV divergent.  

In fact, one does not have to rename the mass variable to reveal a
problem.  
The answer depends on the order of the propagators.  

\==========================  

SetOptions[OneLoop,Prefactor-\>1/(I Pi^2)];  

First we define, as you did:  

  ampy = SP[k] SP[k,p] FourVector[k,a]
FAD[{k+p-q,mw},{k+p+q,mw},{k,my}]//FCI;  

                            k^2 k.p k[a]  
ampy = ----------------------------------------------------------  
         ((k + p - q)^2 - mw^2) ((k + p + q)^2 - mw^2) (k^2 - my^2)  

The one loop integral is:  

  ty = PaVeReduce[OneLoop[k,ampy]];  

Now instead put it in standard order using FeynAmpDenominatorSimplify:  

  ampy1 = FDS[ampy];  

                            k^2 k.p k[a]  
ampy1 = ----------------------------------------------------------  
         (k^2 - my^2) ((k + p - q)^2 - mw^2) ((k + p + q)^2 - mw^2)  

  ty1 = PaVeReduce[OneLoop[k,ampy1]];  

ty is not equal to ty1. The difference, after simplifying
B0[0,m0,m1] is  

          -(2 mw^2 + 4 my^2 - p^2 - q^2 - 2 p.q) (p[a] +
q[a])  
ty-ty1 = ----------------------------------------------------  
                                  48  

If we now change the mass my -\> mu, and so define ampu =
ampy/.my-\>mu,  
and ampu1 = ampy1/.my-\>mu, then the analogous tu and tu1 ARE in fact  
equal. However, as you discovered, tu does not equal ty  
(after replacing mu-\>my), with the difference being  

         (3 mw^2 - 2 q^2) q[a]  
tu-ty = ---------------------  
                  6  

Going back to the ampy amplitude, if we apply ScalarProductCancel we
find  
(equivalent to regrouping k^2 -\> k^2-my^2 + my^2 and cancelling
propagators):  

  SPC[ampy]  

                         k.p k[a]  
    = --------------------------------------------- +  
          ((k + p - q)^2 - mw^2) ((k + p + q)^2 - mw^2)  
   
                    my^2 k.p k[a]  
  ----------------------------------------------------------  
  ((k + p + q)^2 - mw^2) (k^2 - my^2) ((k + p - q)^2 - mw^2)  

Here the one loop integral gives the same result as the standard
ordered  
result ty1. Interestingly, evaluating the one loop integral of
SPC[ampu]  
also gives the SAME result as ty1 (after replacing mu-\>my). That this  
should happen is clear from the form of the amplitude above, since the  
first term is independent of my^2, and the second is explicitly  
multiplied by my^2. So I suspect that this form gives the "correct"  
answer (or perhaps the "preferred" answer).  

-----

  - **Next message:** [Gilberto Tavares: "More on the OneLoop
    puzzle"](0132.html)
  - **Previous message:** [Frederik Orellana: "Re: Problem using
    OneLoop"](0130.html)
  - **In reply to:** [Gilberto Tavares Velasco: "Possible bug in
    OneLoop"](0129.html)
  - **Next in thread:** [Vladyslav Shtabovenko: "Re: Possible bug in
    OneLoop"](1150.html)

-----

