**Name:** fwiw3441_at_HIDDEN-E-MAIL
**Date:** 08/07/03-09:56:50 AM Z

  - **Next message:** [Masaru Watanabe: "MMA 5.0 testing"](0156.html)
  - **Previous message:** [Gerald Dunne: "problem installing FeynCalc
    with Mathematica 4.2 on MAC OS 10.2.6"](0154.html)
  - **Next in thread:** [Chris\_Glosser_at_HIDDEN-E-MAIL: "Re: MMA 5.0 Beta2
    testing"](0165.html)
  - **Reply:** [Chris\_Glosser_at_HIDDEN-E-MAIL: "Re: MMA 5.0 Beta2
    testing"](0165.html)

-----

 I am also testing FeynCalc combined with Phi packages and  
FeynArts under Mathematica 5.0 (trial version).  

 I corrected the file "QCD/OPEm.m" as you reported in your  
Forum-0152 message, and then I set  
  $LoadPhi=True; $LoadFeynArts=True;  
and loaded FeynCalc as usual with  
  \<\<"HighEnergyPhysics\`FeynCalc\`".  

 While loading Phi, I got the following error messages:  
  TagsetDelayed::Setraw: Cannot assign to raw object p1.  
  TagsetDelayed::Setraw: Cannot assign to raw object p2.  
  TagsetDelayed::Setraw: Cannot assign to raw object p3.  
  General::Stop: Further output of TagsetDelayed::Setraw  
                  will be suppressed during calculation.  
 Then while loading FeynArts I got another error messages:  
  Syntax::stresc: Unknown string escape \\i.  
  Syntax::stresc: Unknown string escape \\c.  

 The former error seems to occur in the calling of the  
"variable boxes" in the PhiStart.m, but I could not  
correct them. With respect to the latter error I could not  
even identify the statements issuing the error messages.  

 I should greatly appreciate your kindness to take care of  
these errors.  

 Thank you. Masaru Watanabe  

                   [fwiw3341_at_HIDDEN-E-MAIL]  

-----

  - **Next message:** [Masaru Watanabe: "MMA 5.0 testing"](0156.html)
  - **Previous message:** [Gerald Dunne: "problem installing FeynCalc
    with Mathematica 4.2 on MAC OS 10.2.6"](0154.html)
  - **Next in thread:** [Chris\_Glosser_at_HIDDEN-E-MAIL: "Re: MMA 5.0 Beta2
    testing"](0165.html)
  - **Reply:** [Chris\_Glosser_at_HIDDEN-E-MAIL: "Re: MMA 5.0 Beta2
    testing"](0165.html)

-----

