**Name:** Van der Ventel BIS
**Date:** 03/26/04-02:21:42 PM Z

  - **Next message:** [rolf_at_HIDDEN-E-MAIL: "Re: problems with
    FeynCalc"](0182.html)
  - **Previous message:** [Rolf Mertig: "FeynCalc 5 beta1
    released"](0180.html)
  - **Next in thread:** [rolf_at_HIDDEN-E-MAIL: "Re: problems with
    FeynCalc"](0182.html)
  - **Reply:** [rolf_at_HIDDEN-E-MAIL: "Re: problems with
    FeynCalc"](0182.html)

-----

Dear Feyncalc users  

I am experiencing the following problems and would greatly appreciate
any assistance. I have MATHEMATICA 5 on my linux system (mandrake) and
I've noticed the following:  

1\. I installed the following version of FeynCalc:
HighEnergyPhysics-4.1.1.0.tar.gz. When I type
\<\<HighEnergyPhysics\`FeynCalc\` then it generates the following
messages:  
           Tag Re in -Re[HighEnergyPhysics\`qcd\`OPEi\`OPEi] +
Re[OPEm] \> 0  
           is too deep for an assigned rule to be found.  

           TagSet::tagpos:  
           Tag Re in -Re[HighEnergyPhysics\`qcd\`OPEi\`OPEi] +
Re[OPEm] \> 1  
           is too deep for an assigned rule to be found.  

           TagSet::tagpos:  
           Tag Re in -Re[HighEnergyPhysics\`qcd\`OPEi\`OPEi] +
Re[OPEm] \> 2  
           is too deep for an assigned rule to be found.  

           General::stop: Further output of TagSet::tagpos  
           will be suppressed during this calculation.  

           FeynCalc4.1.1 Type ?FeynCalc for help or visit
<http://www.feyncalc.org>  
           $PrePrint is set to FeynCalcForm. Use FI and FC to change the
display format.  

What does this all mean?  

2\. When I then try to calculate the following leptonic tensor:  
Tr[\\gamma^{\\mu}(1-\\gamma^{5}).DiracSlash[k].(1+\\gamma^{5}).\\gamma^{\\nu}.(1-\\gamma^{5}).DiracSlash[p].(1+\\gamma^{5})]  
it gives me the wrong sign for the ant-symmetric part: \\epsilon^{\\mu
\\nu \\alpha \\beta} k\_{\\alpha} p\_{\\beta}, i.e., I get a positive
sign, instead of a negative sign.  

3\. I then installed fc5beta1.tar.gz  
Now, the error messages mentioned in no. 1 above no longer appear, but
when I try and calculate the leptonic tensor, then it does not even give
the anti-symmetric part\!  

Any help would be wonderful.  

Thank you\!  
Brandon van der Ventel  
Physics Department  
Stellenbosch University  
South Africa  

-----

  - **Next message:** [rolf_at_HIDDEN-E-MAIL: "Re: problems with
    FeynCalc"](0182.html)
  - **Previous message:** [Rolf Mertig: "FeynCalc 5 beta1
    released"](0180.html)
  - **Next in thread:** [rolf_at_HIDDEN-E-MAIL: "Re: problems with
    FeynCalc"](0182.html)
  - **Reply:** [rolf_at_HIDDEN-E-MAIL: "Re: problems with
    FeynCalc"](0182.html)

-----

