**Name:** Frederik Orellana
**Date:** 04/30/04-11:13:01 AM Z

  - **Next message:** [Camm Maguire: "Re: [Maxima] status of
    gamalg"](0193.html)
  - **Previous message:** [Jon Palmer: "FeynCalc5 Beta1 -
    CreateFCAmp"](0191.html)
  - **In reply to:** [Jon Palmer: "FeynCalc5 Beta1 -
    CreateFCAmp"](0191.html)

-----

CreateFCAmp was created for Classes amplitudes (see also
?CreateFCAmp).  
Particles and Generic levels are not supported. Should not be hard to  
extend though - there just never were any requests before. (Any one
else  
interested in this feature?) You might try with CreateFeynAmp and then  
apply FAToFC.  

Cheers, Frederik  

Jon Palmer wrote:  
*\> I am having some issues using the CreateFCAmp function
specifically*  
*\> specifying the level at which the fields are calculated.*  
*\>*  
*\> For various reasons I want to only insert fields at the
"{Particles}" level.*  
*\> However when I then run CreateFCAmp on those inserted fields I get
an error*  
*\> from CreateFeynAmp. With $VeryVerbose on high it prints*  
*\>*  
*\> "creating amplitudes at level(s) {Generic, Classes}"*  
*\>*  
*\> and then reports two errors*  
*\>*  
*\> "CreateFeynAmp::nolevel: Warning: Level Generic is not contained in
this*  
*\> insertion."*  
*\> "CreateFeynAmp::nolevel: Warning: Level Classes is not contained in
this*  
*\> insertion."*  
*\>*  
*\> as the inserted fields at both the Generic and Classes levels are
obviously*  
*\> empty. I believe that CreateFeynAmp is supposed to default to the
level at*  
*\> which the fields are inserted but that doesn't appear to happen when
it is*  
*\> called through CreateFCAmp (No such error results if I call
CreaateFeynAmp*  
*\> directly on the inserted fields). I have also tried to force the
issue by*  
*\> specifying "AmplitudeLevel -\> {Particles}" as an option for
CreateFCAmp but*  
*\> it makes no difference. Any thoughts as to why it behaves like this
and how*  
*\> it might be rectified?*  
*\>*  
*\> Many thanks,*  
*\> Jon Palmer*  
*\>*  
*\>*  

-----

  - **Next message:** [Camm Maguire: "Re: [Maxima] status of
    gamalg"](0193.html)
  - **Previous message:** [Jon Palmer: "FeynCalc5 Beta1 -
    CreateFCAmp"](0191.html)
  - **In reply to:** [Jon Palmer: "FeynCalc5 Beta1 -
    CreateFCAmp"](0191.html)

-----

