**Name:** Camm Maguire
**Date:** 05/07/04-04:22:13 PM Z

  - **Next message:** [Siver Andrey: "Discussion (suggestions, some
    functions to contribute and some examples...)"](0194.html)
  - **Previous message:** [Frederik Orellana: "Re: FeynCalc5 Beta1 -
    CreateFCAmp"](0192.html)
  - **Next in thread:** [Rolf Mertig: "Re: [Maxima] status of
    gamalg"](0244.html)
  - **Maybe reply:** [Rolf Mertig: "Re: [Maxima] status of
    gamalg"](0244.html)

-----

Greetings\! There is considerable interest in the maxima community to  
get FeynCalc working with Maxima, the open source branch off of to  
formerly popular commercial product Macsyma. We feel this would  
extend the availability of your fine work considerably, even making it  
possible to distribute with the popular GNU/Linux distributions all  
over the world. Is there any interest in the FeynCalc community to  
help with such an effort? If so, it would probably be helpful for  
such interested persons to identify themselves and their area of  
expertise. Also, suggestions for the simplest way to proceed would be  
helpful. Right now our best option appears to be to start with a  
rudimentary mathematica to maxima translator called mockmma. I don't  
suppose that mathematica happens to compile its code to lisp at an  
intermediary stage which can then be inspected by the user?  

Take care,  

James Amundson
\<[amundson_at_HIDDEN-E-MAIL]\>
writes:  

*\> On Mon, 2004-05-03 at 16:26, Richard Fateman wrote:*  
*\>*  
*\> \> I think that if FeynCalc is exactly the specification*  
*\> \> you want, that is useful information: it could be*  
*\> \> possible to replicate it in Maxima. I don't know how*  
*\> \> many people know both Mathematica and Maxima, but*  
*\> \> you are clearly one of them\!*  
*\>*  
*\> I would strongly encourage someone to look at getting FeynCalc to
work*  
*\> with Maxima. They FeynCalc authors may (or may not) be interested
in*  
*\> cooperating. It would be worth asking them.*  
*\>*  
*\> I owned a copy of FeynCalc back when it was a commercial product.
I*  
*\> don't have time to work on it right now myself, but I can promise
that I*  
*\> will be cooperative with someone who does work on this project.*  
*\>*  
*\> I think investigating using MockMMA to help would be an excellent*  
*\> research project.*  
*\>*  
*\> --Jim*  
*\>*  
*\>
\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_*  
*\> Maxima mailing list*  
*\>
[Maxima_at_HIDDEN-E-MAIL]*  
*\> <http://www.math.utexas.edu/mailman/listinfo/maxima>*  
*\>*  
*\>*  
*\>*  

    -- 
    Camm Maguire                            camm_at_HIDDEN-E-MAIL
    ==========================================================================
    "The earth is but one country, and mankind its citizens."  --  Baha'u'llah

-----

  - **Next message:** [Siver Andrey: "Discussion (suggestions, some
    functions to contribute and some examples...)"](0194.html)
  - **Previous message:** [Frederik Orellana: "Re: FeynCalc5 Beta1 -
    CreateFCAmp"](0192.html)
  - **Next in thread:** [Rolf Mertig: "Re: [Maxima] status of
    gamalg"](0244.html)
  - **Maybe reply:** [Rolf Mertig: "Re: [Maxima] status of
    gamalg"](0244.html)

-----

