**Name:** Bob McElrath
**Date:** 05/19/04-06:16:52 PM Z

  - **Next message:** [Tim Daly: "linear time algorithm"](0208.html)
  - **Previous message:** [Bertfried Fauser: "Re: FeynCalc -\>
    MAXIMA"](0206.html)
  - **In reply to:** [Bertfried Fauser: "Re: [Axiom-developer]
    Re: FeynCalc -\> MAXIMA"](0204.html)
  - **Next in thread:** [Camm Maguire: "Re: [Axiom-developer]
    Re: FeynCalc -\> MAXIMA"](0221.html)
  - **Reply:** [Camm Maguire: "Re: [Axiom-developer] Re:
    FeynCalc -\> MAXIMA"](0221.html)

-----

Bertfried Fauser
[[fauser_at_HIDDEN-E-MAIL]]
wrote:  
*\> On Wed, 19 May 2004, Bob McElrath wrote:*  
*\>*  
*\> Dear Bob,*  
*\>*  
*\> thank you for your explanation. Are there Hopf algebra methods
and*  
*\> recently made advances also implemented in FeynCalc? The package
Rafal and*  
*\> I developed, benefitted is speed and conceptual design cery much
from Hopf*  
*\> algebraic techniques.*  

I do not know...  

*\> From a technical point of view, its algorithmically more sound to*  
*\> try to work in the Epstein-Glaser (etc pp) framework and \*not\* in
the*  
*\> momentum (Feynman graph) picture, since the physical process is
split up*  
*\> in an infinite series of integrals to be evaluated. AFAIK Hopf
algebraic*  
*\> techniques seem to be the only way to come up with concise
\_and\_*  
*\> algorithmically effective solutions.*  

Interesting, I will look into this. I know only the feynman graph  
picture, and have not even carried out very many loop calculations.  

*\> I am off for three weeks, and will look into FeynCalc, I can*  
*\> imagine to help withits portation to AXIOM though for several
personal*  
*\> reasons. If you are interested in the things I have in mind, you
may*  
*\> consider the recent JPysA article on Quantum fieldtheory and Hopf
algebra*  
*\> cohomology, by Brouder,BF,Frabetti and Oeckl. Many of the
calculations*  
*\> there were checked by the above mentioned package, though it was
\_not\_*  
*\> designed for that purpose.*  

I am rather toward the user-of-FeynCalc side rather than the  
invent-new-field-theoretic-techniques side. If your Hopf algebra  
methods are more efficent then I'm very interested...  

I think the future of mathematics is for experts (such as yourself)  
implementing and maintaining their favorite piece of math. Clearly
math  
software can't evolve like normal Open Source because of the expertise  
involved. But it is critical for math to be open, especially as it  
becomes more and more complicated, and more things become intractible
to  
do by hand.  

FeynCalc involves a significant amount of "interface" for writing  
lagrangians, etc that may not be appropriate for literal translation,  
due to language differences. It may be worth thinking hard about a  
re-implementation of the functionality rather than a direct port.  

*\> \> The "algorithms" are documented in QFT textbooks such as Peskin
&*  
*\> \> Schroeder*  
*\>*  
*\> Would you really make this a claim? I still think, that without
expert*  
*\> knowledge one cannot derive even simple results out of these
sources...*  

I agree.  

Cheers,  
Bob McElrath [Univ. of California at Davis, Department of
Physics]  
      
    "A great many people think they are thinking when they are merely  
    rearranging their prejudices." -- William James  

-----

  - application/pgp-signature attachment: [Digital
    signature](att-0207/01-signature.asc)

-----

  - **Next message:** [Tim Daly: "linear time algorithm"](0208.html)
  - **Previous message:** [Bertfried Fauser: "Re: FeynCalc -\>
    MAXIMA"](0206.html)
  - **In reply to:** [Bertfried Fauser: "Re: [Axiom-developer]
    Re: FeynCalc -\> MAXIMA"](0204.html)
  - **Next in thread:** [Camm Maguire: "Re: [Axiom-developer]
    Re: FeynCalc -\> MAXIMA"](0221.html)
  - **Reply:** [Camm Maguire: "Re: [Axiom-developer] Re:
    FeynCalc -\> MAXIMA"](0221.html)

-----

