**Name:** C Y
**Date:** 05/20/04-02:13:49 AM Z

  - **Next message:** [C Y: "Re: [Maxima] Re:
    [Axiom-developer] Re: FeynCalc -\> MAXIMA"](0213.html)
  - **Previous message:** [C Y: "Re: [Axiom-developer] FeynCalc
    -\> MAXIMA"](0211.html)
  - **In reply to:** [Bob McElrath: "Re: [Axiom-developer] Re:
    FeynCalc -\> MAXIMA"](0201.html)
  - **Next in thread:** [Camm Maguire: "Re: [Axiom-developer]
    Re: FeynCalc -\> MAXIMA"](0220.html)

-----

\--- Bob McElrath
\<bob+[maxima_at_HIDDEN-E-MAIL]\>
wrote:  

*\> The \*purpose\* of FeynCalc is to be a general purpose framework*  
*\> for doing quantum field theory calculations. That is, dirac*  
*\> matrices, trace rules, Feynman rules from Lagrangians,*  
*\> representations for fields and the like.*  

This brings up an interesting point. Much of the discussion so far has  
been on how to incorporate new knowledge into Axiom/etc as it is  
discovered/created, but for a lot of uses the PRACTICAL value of a CAS  
is doing repeated calculations within a subset of mathematics.  
Modeling physical systems, for example, most likely allows one to make  
some assumptions that a general purpose CAS wouldn't or shouldn't
make.  

If Axiom is to be useful to people in a field outside pure
mathematical  
research (such as high energy physics) there should be a way for them  
to have a HighEnergyPhysics.pamphlet file or some such that
immediately  
lets Axiom know about the standard assumptions in the field. That way,  
anyone wanting to write a paper using Axiom in the HighEnergyPhysics  
field could simply load that file and have a mathematical environment  
corresponding to the one they use to do their work. I guess Feyncalc  
in a sense is such a tool for Mathematica, but given the strictness of  
Axiom's environment I wouldn't be surprised if Feyncalc itself might  
benefit from a more general definition file.  

*\> The actual algorithms are straightforward, but very tedious to*  
*\> calculate, so thus the results are collected into libraries like*  
*\> FeynCalc.*  

Perhaps it would be useful to make the distinction between
mathematical  
research using a CAS and the CAS as a scientific tool. Axiom clearly  
wants to be a mathematical research level CAS - does it make sense to  
add abilities which are mostly practical in nature? I.e., would Axiom  
want to be the place to do quick calculations for a physics paper, as  
well as an environment to interact with high level mathematical  
research? I don't think the two are mutually exclusive, but I'm  
thinking there does need to be a way for the casual user to be
isolated  
from advanced mathematical issues and define a more confined working  
environment.  

CY  

          
                  
\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_  
Do you Yahoo\!?  
Yahoo\! Domains – Claim yours for only $14.70/year  
<http://smallbusiness.promotions.yahoo.com/offer>  

-----

  - **Next message:** [C Y: "Re: [Maxima] Re:
    [Axiom-developer] Re: FeynCalc -\> MAXIMA"](0213.html)
  - **Previous message:** [C Y: "Re: [Axiom-developer] FeynCalc
    -\> MAXIMA"](0211.html)
  - **In reply to:** [Bob McElrath: "Re: [Axiom-developer] Re:
    FeynCalc -\> MAXIMA"](0201.html)
  - **Next in thread:** [Camm Maguire: "Re: [Axiom-developer]
    Re: FeynCalc -\> MAXIMA"](0220.html)

-----

