**Name:** C Y
**Date:** 05/20/04-02:25:12 AM Z

  - **Next message:** [root: "Re: [Axiom-developer] FeynCalc -\>
    MAXIMA"](0214.html)
  - **Previous message:** [C Y: "Re: [Axiom-developer] Re:
    FeynCalc -\> MAXIMA"](0212.html)
  - **In reply to:** [Bob McElrath: "Re: [Maxima] Re:
    [Axiom-developer] Re: FeynCalc -\> MAXIMA"](0210.html)
  - **Next in thread:** [root: "Re: [Maxima] Re:
    [Axiom-developer] Re: FeynCalc -\> MAXIMA"](0216.html)

-----

\--- Bob McElrath
\<bob+[axiom_at_HIDDEN-E-MAIL]\>
wrote:  
*\> Stavros Macrakis
[[stavros.macrakis_at_HIDDEN-E-MAIL]]
wrote:*  
*\> \> \> We need to keep the theory and the code together and have*  
*\> \> \> each one explain the other. How else can you show that the*  
*\> \> \> code does what it is intended to do?*  
*\> \>*  
*\> \> That is a very hard problem in general.*  
*\>*  
*\> Test cases.*  

I think he's refering to the difficulties of defining a protocal to
use  
when performing this task. Clearly test cases are needed, but they  
don't address the issue of how to document a complex algorithm being  
reworked into complex code in general. Proving the correctness of the  
translation is beyond the scope of literate programming, and probably  
beyond the ability of any software in existance right now. There are  
techniques like the B method to prove that what the code gives you is  
what you designed, and help you create a design that does precisely  
what you want, but I rather doubt such tools are practical for this  
level of mathematical work.  

*\> While this does not \*prove\* the correctness of the code in a*  
*\> mathematical sense, it does in a monte-carlo sense. I note that
both*  
*\> maxima and axiom have test suites.*  

What the test suites do is prove that the program is function as it  
should in the environment and that changes to other parts of the  
codebase haven't caused changes, not that the mathematics are correct.  
In a test suite, you must tell the program what the answer is and then  
the program attempts to reach the answer. The variables are whether  
the algorithm is correct, whether a change elsewhere breaks the code
in  
question, and whether the supporting OS/environment is functioning  
correctly. But the first case is not specific to a test suite - it is  
used when writing the algorithm and/or debugging it for math errors.  
The second case is useful when checking a bugfix or change hasn't  
caused larger changes, but again does not ensure that the mathematics  
are correct. The third use is strictly for installation.  
   
*\> I do not think new mathematical code or subsystems should be
accepted*  
*\> unless they are accompanied by a thorough test suite.*  

Definitely.  

CY  

          
                  
\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_  
Do you Yahoo\!?  
Yahoo\! Domains – Claim yours for only $14.70/year  
<http://smallbusiness.promotions.yahoo.com/offer>  

-----

  - **Next message:** [root: "Re: [Axiom-developer] FeynCalc -\>
    MAXIMA"](0214.html)
  - **Previous message:** [C Y: "Re: [Axiom-developer] Re:
    FeynCalc -\> MAXIMA"](0212.html)
  - **In reply to:** [Bob McElrath: "Re: [Maxima] Re:
    [Axiom-developer] Re: FeynCalc -\> MAXIMA"](0210.html)
  - **Next in thread:** [root: "Re: [Maxima] Re:
    [Axiom-developer] Re: FeynCalc -\> MAXIMA"](0216.html)

-----

