**Name:** root
**Date:** 05/20/04-03:48:52 AM Z

  - **Next message:** [C Y: "Re: [Axiom-developer] FeynCalc -\>
    MAXIMA"](0215.html)
  - **Previous message:** [C Y: "Re: [Maxima] Re:
    [Axiom-developer] Re: FeynCalc -\> MAXIMA"](0213.html)
  - **In reply to:** [C Y: "Re: [Axiom-developer] FeynCalc -\>
    MAXIMA"](0211.html)
  - **Next in thread:** [C Y: "Re: [Axiom-developer] FeynCalc
    -\> MAXIMA"](0215.html)
  - **Reply:** [C Y: "Re: [Axiom-developer] FeynCalc -\>
    MAXIMA"](0215.html)

-----

*\> Which brings up the issue of making sure a paper knows what to
tell*  
*\> Axiom. I suspect what might happen (and might be a good way of
doing*  
*\> it) is that Axiom based papers will reference other Axiom based
papers*  
*\> as dependancies for their paper. (I guess this is what you've had
in*  
*\> mind Tim?) In some sense, perhaps it would even be possible to
examine*  
*\> the implications of some alternative algorithm on other papers -
i.e.*  
*\> are the results obtained using \*new algorithm\* in the papers
that*  
*\> depend on \*old algorithm\* impacted by the change?*  

The pamphlet is intended to reference other pamphlets thru the  
bibliogrphy. Pamphlets are intended to stay very close to the  
what scientists know and extending it carefully. The next step  
is to introduce semantic latex tags like \\concept{ }  

*\> Two questions:*  
*\>*  
*\> 1) Are you hoping to eventually integrate Magnus's capabilities
into*  
*\> Axiom?*  

Yes. Magnus represents a competely new challenge because it contains  
almost no algorithms. Almost everything is a procedure and may not  
terminate. You kick off several algorithms in parallel and let them  
compete for a solution. Infinite Group Theory is provably
non-algorithmic  
for almost every question.  

*\>*  
*\> 2) Is there some systematic approach that should be put in place
for*  
*\> how to go back and document what's already there? I.E., start with
the*  
*\> most basic code and document one's way up the capabilities?*  

erm,... I retype the papers from pdf format to TeX format and then  
include the code (making it a pamphlet). Almost no-one posts TeX  
so there appears to be no choice. Fateman has been looking at  
recognizers for file formats but a push to collect and store the TeX  
files would save a tremendous amount of time. In the last year I've  
retyped approx 500 pages of pdf to TeX.  

Tim  

-----

  - **Next message:** [C Y: "Re: [Axiom-developer] FeynCalc -\>
    MAXIMA"](0215.html)
  - **Previous message:** [C Y: "Re: [Maxima] Re:
    [Axiom-developer] Re: FeynCalc -\> MAXIMA"](0213.html)
  - **In reply to:** [C Y: "Re: [Axiom-developer] FeynCalc -\>
    MAXIMA"](0211.html)
  - **Next in thread:** [C Y: "Re: [Axiom-developer] FeynCalc
    -\> MAXIMA"](0215.html)
  - **Reply:** [C Y: "Re: [Axiom-developer] FeynCalc -\>
    MAXIMA"](0215.html)

-----

