**Name:** Camm Maguire
**Date:** 05/22/04-12:02:29 AM Z

  - **Next message:** [Camm Maguire: "Re: [Axiom-developer] Re:
    FeynCalc -\> MAXIMA"](0221.html)
  - **Previous message:** [Camm Maguire: "Re: [Maxima] Re:
    [Axiom-developer] Re: FeynCalc -\> MAXIMA"](0219.html)
  - **In reply to:** [Bob McElrath: "Re: [Axiom-developer] Re:
    FeynCalc -\> MAXIMA"](0201.html)
  - **Next in thread:** [Bob McElrath: "Re: [Axiom-developer]
    Re: FeynCalc -\> MAXIMA"](0223.html)
  - **Reply:** [Bob McElrath: "Re: [Axiom-developer] Re:
    FeynCalc -\> MAXIMA"](0223.html)

-----

Greetings\!  

Bob McElrath
\<bob+[maxima_at_HIDDEN-E-MAIL]\>
writes:  

*\> Bertfried Fauser
[[fauser_at_HIDDEN-E-MAIL]]
wrote:*  
*\> \>*  
*\> \> Hi,*  
*\> \>*  
*\> \> as fare as I understand the package (havn't though done much with
it, so I*  
*\> \> might be wrong), it is designed for very "practical" purpose
(ie*  
*\> \> phenomenology.) Many problems can be subsummarized in a larger
frame of*  
*\> \> mathematics. Given the type system of AXIOM, it would be, in my
eyes, a*  
*\> \> fraud to implement something like "Dirac matrixes" and trace
rules, while*  
*\> \> this is a closed structure in a \*-autonomous category. However,
I am still*  
*\> \> not able myself to give AXIOM code for such a vast general
thing.*  
*\>*  
*\> The \*purpose\* of FeynCalc is to be a general purpose framework for
doing*  
*\> quantum field theory calculations. That is, dirac matrices, trace*  
*\> rules, Feynman rules from Lagrangians, representations for fields
and*  
*\> the like.*  
*\>*  
*\> It also contains code for doing one-loop integrals. This same
code*  
*\> exists in several places (I know of a fortan library "ff" and a
Maple*  
*\> package "xloops" as well), and I can point to the papers if
people*  
                                 ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^  

I think this would be helpful.  

Take care,  

*\> desire. But the loop code is only half of FeynCalc.*  
*\>*  
*\> The actual algorithms are straightforward, but very tedious to*  
*\> calculate, so thus the results are collected into libraries like*  
*\> FeynCalc. There are yet a handful of obstacles in dealing with*  
*\> divergences that have kept us from writing a fully automatic method
of*  
*\> computing these loop integrals. At one loop I think it can be
fully*  
*\> automatic, but I do not think this is something a non-expert would
want*  
*\> to tackle.*  
*\>*  
*\> The "algorithms" are documented in QFT textbooks such as Peskin &*  
*\> Schroeder "An Introduction to Quantum Field Theory", Weinberg
"Quantum*  
*\> Theory of Fields", etc. This is a one-year graduate level physics*  
*\> course. The decomposition of loop integrals into scalar integrals
was*  
*\> done by Passarino and Veltman*  
*\> <http://dx.doi.org/10.1016/0550-3213(79>)90234-7*  
*\> though these days it's not the only way...*  
*\>*  
*\> Cheers,*  
*\> Bob McElrath [Univ. of California at Davis, Department of
Physics]*  
*\>*  
*\> "A great many people think they are thinking when they are merely*  
*\> rearranging their prejudices." -- William James*  
*\>*  

    -- 
    Camm Maguire                            camm_at_HIDDEN-E-MAIL
    ==========================================================================
    "The earth is but one country, and mankind its citizens."  --  Baha'u'llah

-----

  - **Next message:** [Camm Maguire: "Re: [Axiom-developer] Re:
    FeynCalc -\> MAXIMA"](0221.html)
  - **Previous message:** [Camm Maguire: "Re: [Maxima] Re:
    [Axiom-developer] Re: FeynCalc -\> MAXIMA"](0219.html)
  - **In reply to:** [Bob McElrath: "Re: [Axiom-developer] Re:
    FeynCalc -\> MAXIMA"](0201.html)
  - **Next in thread:** [Bob McElrath: "Re: [Axiom-developer]
    Re: FeynCalc -\> MAXIMA"](0223.html)
  - **Reply:** [Bob McElrath: "Re: [Axiom-developer] Re:
    FeynCalc -\> MAXIMA"](0223.html)

-----

