**Name:** James Amundson
**Date:** 12/09/04-05:29:47 AM Z

  - **Next message:** [Dirk Roeder: "problem with WRITE2"](0247.html)
  - **Previous message:** [Dr. Jaime Hernandez Sanchez;icbi: "Re:
    problems on Mathematica 5"](0245.html)
  - **In reply to:** [Rolf Mertig: "Re: [Maxima] status of
    gamalg"](0244.html)

-----

Dear Rolf,  

I won't respond to all your points right now, but there is one issue  
that seems worth discussing first: the speed issue. You wrote  

*\> The last time I checked the open-source Maxima for speed it was at
least*  
*\> an order of magnitude*  
*\> slower for plain algebraic simplifications. Bearing in mind that
even*  
*\> Mathematca can become way too*  
*\> slow for research projects (see the enourmous calculations of Jos*  
*\> Vermaseren and friends which they*  
*\> have done over the last decades, using a special purpose system:
FORM),*  
*\> I really doubt that it will make*  
*\> much sense to reprogram much of FeynCalc into Maxima.*  

One reason a port of Feyncalc to Maxima interested me was the
potential  
for speed. I have never done anything like a careful benchmark  
comparison between Maxima and Mathematica. However, in the cases I
have  
examined (which may not be typical) Maxima is \*faster\* than
Mathematica.  
In fact, Richard Fateman has a paper where he compares the speed of  
various CA systems on some simple polynomial operations. Maxima not
only  
handily beat Mathematica, it also beat FORM. I don't think Feyncalc in  
Maxima should be dismissed on the basis of speed alone.  

\--Jim  

-----

  - **Next message:** [Dirk Roeder: "problem with WRITE2"](0247.html)
  - **Previous message:** [Dr. Jaime Hernandez Sanchez;icbi: "Re:
    problems on Mathematica 5"](0245.html)
  - **In reply to:** [Rolf Mertig: "Re: [Maxima] status of
    gamalg"](0244.html)

-----

