**Name:** Rolf Mertig
**Date:** 12/10/04-12:12:28 AM Z

  - **Next message:** [jonathan.palmer_at_HIDDEN-E-MAIL: "Re¨ Is a
    bugø"](0250.html)
  - **Previous message:** [Dr. Jaime Hernandez Sanchez;icbi: "Re:
    problems on Mathematica 5"](0248.html)
  - **In reply to:** [Dr. Jaime Hernandez Sanchez;icbi: "Re: problems on
    Mathematica 5"](0248.html)
  - **Next in thread:** [moosavi: "Re: problems on Mathematica
    5"](0516.html)

-----

Hola,  
now it takes again only a few minutes.  
The reason is that similar optimizations as I show in the attached  
notebook were automatically done in the older FeynCalc;  
however, some optimizations caused wrong results and therefore they
were  
abandoned.  
Anyway: it is always a good idea to think a bit about the algorithms
and  
to fiddle with some useful functions like Isolate and Collect and
alike.  
Saludos,  

Rolf Mertig  

Dr. Jaime Hernandez Sanchez;icbi wrote:  

*\>DEAR MERTIG;*  
*\>*  
*\>I STILL HAVE TROUBLES WITH TRACES*  
*\>*  
*\>I SEND A SMALL PROGRAM THAT ALREADY I HAVE CHECKED WELL IN ANOTHER
MACHINE.*  
*\>*  
*\>THE CALCULATION OF THE TRACES THEY ARE REALIZED IN A FEW MINUTES ON
MATHETAICA 4.1.*  
*\>*  
*\>THE SAME CALCULATION I DO IT IN MATHEMATICA 5 AND IT WAS RUNNING MANY
HOURS AND*  
*\>BETTER I ABORT.*  
*\>*  
*\>PLEASE CHECK THE PROGRAM Y MAKE ME A RECOMENDANTION.*  
*\>*  
*\>JAIME*  
*\>*  
*\>On Thu, 09 Dec 2004 00:25:45 +0100, Rolf Mertig wrote*  
*\>*  
*\>*  
*\>\>Dear Jaime,*  
*\>\>*  
*\>\>Dr. Jaime Hernandez Sanchez;icbi wrote:*  
*\>\>*  
*\>\>*  
*\>\>*  
*\>\>\>Dear Mertig:*  
*\>\>\>*  
*\>\>\>i have several problems with Feyncal.*  
*\>\>\>*  
*\>\>\>I have mathematica 5 on mac-g5\`s plataform.*  
*\>\>\>*  
*\>\>\>Firts, when i run FeynCalc, It gives the following result*  
*\>\>\>*  
*\>\>\>DumpGet::bgbf: File \\*  
*\>\>\>/Library/Mathematica/Applications/HighEnergyPhysics/Tarcer/tarcer25.mx
cannot \\*  
*\>\>\>be loaded, it is corrupted or is written on a different
machine*  
*\>\>\>*  
*\>\>\>*  
*\>\>\>*  
*\>\>\>*  
*\>\>Please evaluate in an emtpy notebook (without loading FeynCalc):*  
*\>\>*  
*\>\>SetDirectory["/Library/Mathematica/Applications/HighEnergyPhysics/Tarcer/"];*  
*\>\>NotebookOpen["/Library/Mathematica/Applications/HighEnergyPhysics/Tarcer/Tarcer.nb"];*  
*\>\>*  
*\>\>Then evaluate the whole notebook.*  
*\>\>This will produce a new "tarcer25.mx" (or similar, depending on
the*  
*\>\>setting of $RankLimit )*  
*\>\>*  
*\>\>*  
*\>\>*  
*\>\>\>I have tried to replace the file tarcer25.mx by tarcer23.mac.mx
from web page*  
*\>\>\>mertig.com, however*  
*\>\>\>*  
*\>\>\>it gives other mistake.*  
*\>\>\>*  
*\>\>\>Second*  
*\>\>\>*  
*\>\>\>I have tried to run some simple programs and to verify that they
are correct, for*  
*\>\>\>example*  
*\>\>\>*  
*\>\>\>a trivial exercise*  
*\>\>\>*  
*\>\>\>FullSimplify[TR[(GS[k] +
m).(GA[mu]).(GS[p] - m).GA[nu]]]*  
*\>\>\>*  
*\>\>\>it gives a correct result*  
*\>\>\>*  
*\>\>\>but*  
*\>\>\>*  
*\>\>\>TR[(GS[p1] + m).(GA[mu].GS[k].GA[
nu] + 2 GA[mu] FV[p2, nu]).(GS[p2] +*  
*\>\>\>*  
*\>\>\>*  
*\>m).(GA[nu].GS[k].GA[mu] +*  
*\>*  
*\>*  
*\>\>\>2 GA[mu] FV[p2, nu])]*  
*\>\>\>*  
*\>\>\>mathamatica does not give a correct result.*  
*\>\>\>*  
*\>\>\>*  
*\>\>\>*  
*\>\>\>*  
*\>\>This is a bug (probably introduced when fixing other bugs last
year).*  
*\>\> It should only occur if you call TR on unsimplified
noncommutative*  
*\>\>expressions directly.*  
*\>\>A quick workaround is to use "tr" instead of TR, with*  
*\>\>*  
*\>\>tr = TR[Calc[\#]] &;*  
*\>\>*  
*\>\>I am planning to fix FeynCalc - bugs (and some error messages*  
*\>\>showing up when loading FeynCalc in Mathematica 5.1 ) together
with*  
*\>\>Frederik before Christmas, but I cannot fix them right now.*  
*\>\>*  
*\>\>Sorry about the trouble.*  
*\>\>*  
*\>\>Saludos,*  
*\>\>*  
*\>\>Rolf Mertig*  
*\>\>*  
*\>\>GluonVision GmbH*  
*\>\>Berlin*  
*\>\>*  
*\>\>*  
*\>\>*  
*\>\>\>I need your help.*  
*\>\>\>*  
*\>\>\>*  
*\>\>\>Regards*  
*\>\>\>*  
*\>\>\>*  
*\>\>\>Jaime*  
*\>\>\>*  
*\>\>\>*  
*\>\>\>--*  
*\>\>\>Universidad Autonoma del Estado de Hidalgo*  
*\>\>\>Centro de Investigacion Avanzada en Ingenieria Industrial*  
*\>\>\>Licenciatura en Fisica y Tecnologia Avanzada*  
*\>\>\>Pachuca, Hidalgo. C. P. 42090*  
*\>\>\>Tel y Fax: (771)7172000 ext. 6733*  
*\>\>\>*  
*\>\>\>*  
*\>\>\>*  
*\>\>\>*  
*\>*  
*\>*  
*\>--*  
*\>Universidad Autonoma del Estado de Hidalgo*  
*\>Centro de Investigacion Avanzada en Ingenieria Industrial*  
*\>Licenciatura en Fisica y Tecnologia Avanzada*  
*\>Pachuca, Hidalgo. C. P. 42090*  
*\>Tel y Fax: (771)7172000 ext. 6733*  
*\>*  
*\>*  

-----

  - application/mathematica attachment:
    [TRAC1-1RM.nb](att-0249/01-TRAC1-1RM.nb)

-----

  - **Next message:** [jonathan.palmer_at_HIDDEN-E-MAIL: "Re¨ Is a
    bugø"](0250.html)
  - **Previous message:** [Dr. Jaime Hernandez Sanchez;icbi: "Re:
    problems on Mathematica 5"](0248.html)
  - **In reply to:** [Dr. Jaime Hernandez Sanchez;icbi: "Re: problems on
    Mathematica 5"](0248.html)
  - **Next in thread:** [moosavi: "Re: problems on Mathematica
    5"](0516.html)

-----

