**Name:** Robert Schoefbeck
**Date:** 12/20/05-01:07:20 PM Z

  - **Next message:** [Rolf Mertig: "Re: TarcerRecurse at the
    threshold"](0333.html)
  - **Previous message:** [Frederik Orellana: "Re: How to manipulate
    saved expressions in a notebook"](0331.html)
  - **Next in thread:** [Rolf Mertig: "Re: TarcerRecurse at the
    threshold"](0333.html)
  - **Reply:** [Rolf Mertig: "Re: TarcerRecurse at the
    threshold"](0333.html)
  - **Maybe reply:** [Vladyslav Shtabovenko: "Re: TarcerRecurse at the
    threshold"](1337.html)

-----

Dear Tarcer creators,  

despite the fact that I never found Tarcer doing anything wrong I
frequently came across 'strange' beahviour. Mostly it boiled down to a
lack of proper understanding on my side, but one class of cases
remained:  
{% raw %}
(1) TJI[d, m1^2 ,{{3,m2},{1,m2},{1,m1}}]  
(2) TJI[d, m1^2 ,{{2,m2},{2,m2},{1,m1}}]  
(1) TJI[d, m1^2 ,{{2,m2},{2,m1},{1,m2}}]  
{% endraw %}
are not recursed down to basis integrals. The recursion formulas (74)
and (81) in hep-ph/9801383 boil down to 0 = 0 for certain kinematical
configuarations. In this case one has to go off-shell (m1^2 -\> s) and
then divide out a zero, such that a nontrivial recursion relation
remains. the coefficients of the ladder operators then have single or
double zeros of the form (s-m1^2)^(1 or 2).  

I could solve the last case in a straightforward fashion and the first
two by deriving a simplified relation from (81) which led from (1) to
(2) and back. In this way I got a 2x2 system in (1) and (2).  

Tarcer.nb is too advanced to allow me to provide a patch (in case one is
needed, probably I have just not yet seen how to do the recursion using
TarcerRecurse) so i though i'd let you know.  

best regards  
robert schoefbeck  

-----

  - **Next message:** [Rolf Mertig: "Re: TarcerRecurse at the
    threshold"](0333.html)
  - **Previous message:** [Frederik Orellana: "Re: How to manipulate
    saved expressions in a notebook"](0331.html)
  - **Next in thread:** [Rolf Mertig: "Re: TarcerRecurse at the
    threshold"](0333.html)
  - **Reply:** [Rolf Mertig: "Re: TarcerRecurse at the
    threshold"](0333.html)
  - **Maybe reply:** [Vladyslav Shtabovenko: "Re: TarcerRecurse at the
    threshold"](1337.html)

-----

