**Name:** Hrayr Matevosyan
**Date:** 03/05/07-04:11:58 AM Z

  - **Next message:** [huiyoung: "How to write
    IdentityMatrix"](0402.html)
  - **Previous message:** [Rolf Mertig: "Re: Using Mathcode C++ with
    FeynCalc?"](0400.html)
  - **Maybe in reply to:** [Hrayr Matevosyan: "Using Mathcode C++ with
    FeynCalc?"](0399.html)
  - **Next in thread:** [Rolf Mertig: "Re: Using Mathcode C++ with
    FeynCalc?"](0404.html)

-----

Thank you for the suggestions. I will look more closely at FORM.  

 Actually I had two things in mind when I considered MathCode to
generate stand-alone C++ code from Mathematica. I ran FeynCalc on a farm
of 300 machines to successfully calculate Dirac amplitudes for some
40,000 diagrams and have publishable results, but the number of
processes I could have going was limited by the number of licenses for
Mathematica (could run only about 20 kernels at a time). So with
stand-alone code the number of the processes can go up an order of
magnitude, allowing to go to the next order of the calculation.
Secondly, it might still be faster to run a binary file rather than a
Mathematica notebook (no I/O delay, etc).  

 FORM seems to be useful for the grid-computing as well, but I simply  
prefer to work with Mathematica and C++ (easier to develop complex code)
if it will be reasonable to do.  

P.S. I am thinking to try and get a trial version of MathCode to test it
when I will have some free time (a good while later).  
   

-----

  - **Next message:** [huiyoung: "How to write
    IdentityMatrix"](0402.html)
  - **Previous message:** [Rolf Mertig: "Re: Using Mathcode C++ with
    FeynCalc?"](0400.html)
  - **Maybe in reply to:** [Hrayr Matevosyan: "Using Mathcode C++ with
    FeynCalc?"](0399.html)
  - **Next in thread:** [Rolf Mertig: "Re: Using Mathcode C++ with
    FeynCalc?"](0404.html)

-----

