**Name:** Frederik Orellana
**Date:** 06/28/07-09:05:51 AM Z

  - **Next message:** [Ismail Turan: "Re: Deriving Feynman rules with
    FeynCalc"](0453.html)
  - **Previous message:** [Ismail Turan: "Deriving Feynman rules with
    FeynCalc"](0451.html)
  - **Maybe in reply to:** [Ismail Turan: "Deriving Feynman rules with
    FeynCalc"](0451.html)
  - **Next in thread:** [Ismail Turan: "Re: Deriving Feynman rules with
    FeynCalc"](0453.html)

-----

Hi Ismail,  

I developed the PHI sub-package for the purpose of deriving a large
number of Feynman rules from ChPT-type lagrangians. In principle you
should be able to use it for MSSM-type Lagrangians as well. In practise
you'll probably need to do quite some coding and probably need some
assistance as well. I cannot promise anything, but might be able to find
some time to help out after the summer.  

AFAIK, treating the Hermitian conjugated part of the Lagrangian is quite
doable, but I'd have to look into it again.  

Could you post a specific Lagrangian?  

Regards,  
Frederik  

Ismail Turan wrote:  
*\> Hi,*  
*\>*  
*\> I am thinking to derive the complete list of Feynman rules for a
supersymmetric model by starting from a textbook level Lagrangian.
FeynCalc has some functions like PartialD, CovariantD, FeynRule, etc..
for defining Lagrangian and then deriving Feynman rules. It seems that
it is quite powerful if one needs few Feynman rules to extract but I am
not sure how handy it is if the full list is required. Practically, if
there are vast number of fields in the model like MSSM, the number of
possible interactions get so large such that checking them one by one
with FeynRule seems a bit hard(one can easily forget some allowed
interactions).*  
*\>*  
*\> My question is: How manageable is the generation of the full list of
Feynman rules from a textbook level Lagrangian of a model when
especially supersymmetry is switched on(like MSSM)?*  
*\> If possible, is there an easy and convenient way to take care of
H.c.(Hermitian Conjugated) part of the Lagrangian?*  
*\>*  
*\> Thank you very much in advance,*  
*\>*  
*\> Regards,*  
*\> Ismail*  

-----

  - **Next message:** [Ismail Turan: "Re: Deriving Feynman rules with
    FeynCalc"](0453.html)
  - **Previous message:** [Ismail Turan: "Deriving Feynman rules with
    FeynCalc"](0451.html)
  - **Maybe in reply to:** [Ismail Turan: "Deriving Feynman rules with
    FeynCalc"](0451.html)
  - **Next in thread:** [Ismail Turan: "Re: Deriving Feynman rules with
    FeynCalc"](0453.html)

-----

