**Name:** Ismail Turan
**Date:** 06/29/07-01:45:45 AM Z

  - **Next message:** [Alexey: "Re: problems with
    installation"](0454.html)
  - **Previous message:** [Frederik Orellana: "Re: Deriving Feynman
    rules with FeynCalc"](0452.html)
  - **Maybe in reply to:** [Ismail Turan: "Deriving Feynman rules with
    FeynCalc"](0451.html)

-----

Hi Frederik,  

Thank you very much for your quick reply. I was aware of your PHI
package and thinking to dig a little bit more. In fact, I was trying to
decide between FeynCalc and LanHEP to use and your email convienced me
that it requires more work with FeynCalc/PHI than LanHEP which is a
program written in C and has many features already included like being
able to use superpotential formalism, two-component notation, BRST
invariance check, Hermitian check, etc. With FeynCalc/PHI one needs to
develop them all which obviously takes some time and I am supposed to
finish the project at the end of the summer in addition to some other
things. The only drawback is to get the output in latex format but I
like to have it in Mathematica format since eventually I will add it as
a new model file to FeynArts.  

So, I will first give a try to LanHEP and see how things go. In case of
failure, I consider to use FeynCalc/PHI and maybe ask you some questions
about PHI(then we may discuss hermitian conjugate issue). Thanks a lot
for your kind offer to help. It sounds great even as a possibility:-)  

Best Regards,  
Ismail  

-----

  - **Next message:** [Alexey: "Re: problems with
    installation"](0454.html)
  - **Previous message:** [Frederik Orellana: "Re: Deriving Feynman
    rules with FeynCalc"](0452.html)
  - **Maybe in reply to:** [Ismail Turan: "Deriving Feynman rules with
    FeynCalc"](0451.html)

-----

