**Name:** Alexey
**Date:** 06/30/07-12:34:40 AM Z

  - **Next message:** [Simone Arnold: "Problem with Contract[]
    and SP[]"](0455.html)
  - **Previous message:** [Ismail Turan: "Re: Deriving Feynman rules
    with FeynCalc"](0453.html)
  - **Maybe in reply to:** [Tania: "problems with
    installation"](0283.html)

-----

I have the same problem. My OS is Ubuntu 6.10 and I am running
Mathematica 5.0. I followed the installation instructions and after I
tried to run in Mathematica  
<<HighEnergyPhysics\`FeynCalc\`  
I got the following error message:  
Could not find FeynCalc installation. Quitting the Mathematica kernel.  
But if I try to run mathematica form inside the
\~/.Mathematica/Applications directory them I am getting the following
messages:  

\\(TagSet::"tagpos"\\), \\(\\(:\\)\\(\\ \\)\\), "\\\<\\"Tag \\  
\\\\\!\\\\(TraditionalForm\\\\\`Re\\\\) in \\  
\\\\\!\\\\n\\\\(TraditionalForm\\\\\`\\\\(\\\\(\\\\(\\\\(\\\\(Re(OPEm)\\\\)\\\\)
- \\  
\\\\(\\\\(Re(i)\\\\)\\\\)\\\\)\\\\) \> 0\\\\)\\\\)\\\\n is too deep for
an assigned rule to be found.  

\\(TagSet::"tagpos"\\), \\(\\(:\\)\\(\\ \\)\\), "\\\<\\"Tag \\  
\\\\\!\\\\(TraditionalForm\\\\\`Re\\\\) in \\  
\\\\\!\\\\n\\\\(TraditionalForm\\\\\`\\\\(\\\\(\\\\(\\\\(\\\\(Re(OPEm)\\\\)\\\\)
- \\  
\\\\(\\\\(Re(i)\\\\)\\\\)\\\\)\\\\) \> 1\\\\)\\\\)\\\\n is too deep for
an assigned rule to be found.  

\\(TagSet::"tagpos"\\), \\(\\(:\\)\\(\\ \\)\\), "\\\<\\"Tag \\  
\\\\\!\\\\(TraditionalForm\\\\\`Re\\\\) in \\  
\\\\\!\\\\n\\\\(TraditionalForm\\\\\`\\\\(\\\\(\\\\(\\\\(\\\\(Re(OPEm)\\\\)\\\\)
- \\  
\\\\(\\\\(Re(i)\\\\)\\\\)\\\\)\\\\) \> 2\\\\)\\\\)\\\\n is too deep for
an assigned rule to be found.  

\\(General::"stop"\\), \\(\\(:\\)\\(\\ \\)\\), "\\\<\\"Further output of
\\  
\\\\\!\\\\(TraditionalForm\\\\\`\\\\(TagSet ::
\\\\\\"tagpos\\\\\\"\\\\)\\\\) will be suppressed during this
calculation.  

FeynCalc 4.1.1 For help, type ?FeynCalc, use the built-in help system or
visit www.feyncalc.org  

After than FeynCalc seems to be working (I tried several functions). But
what all these error messages mean and why can't I run mathematica from
whatever directory I like is a mystery for me. I tried to include the
paths to \~/.Mathematica/Applications and
\~/.Mathematica/Applications/HighEnergyPhysics into my init.m file but
it didn't work.  

-----

  - **Next message:** [Simone Arnold: "Problem with Contract[]
    and SP[]"](0455.html)
  - **Previous message:** [Ismail Turan: "Re: Deriving Feynman rules
    with FeynCalc"](0453.html)
  - **Maybe in reply to:** [Tania: "problems with
    installation"](0283.html)

-----

