**Name:** Alexander Semke
**Date:** 09/27/07-07:27:59 PM Z

  - **Next message:** [Rolf Mertig: "Re: Strange output of
    OneLoop"](0466.html)
  - **Previous message:** [Frederik Orellana: "Re: Euclidean
    metric"](0464.html)
  - **Next in thread:** [Rolf Mertig: "Re: Strange output of
    OneLoop"](0466.html)
  - **Maybe reply:** [Rolf Mertig: "Re: Strange output of
    OneLoop"](0466.html)
  - **Maybe reply:** [Alexander Semke: "Re: Strange output of
    OneLoop"](0468.html)

-----

Today I downloaded the 5.1-release (beta 3) and I'm a little bit
confused about the output of OneLoop. Following code  

<<HighEnergyPhysics\`FeynCalc\`  
SetOptions[OneLoop, Dimension -\> D];  
$LimitTo4 = False;  
integralD=FAD[{Momentum[k, D], ma},
{Momentum[k+p,D],mb}, {Momentum[k + q, D],
ma}]\*FVD[k + p, beta]\*FVD[p - q,
alpha]\*FVD[2\*k + q, mu];  
OneLoop[k, integralD]  

produces strange strings like "Contract[p^alpha - q^alpha,
q^beta\*p^mu, Contract3 -\> False]" in the output. If I quit the
kernel and execute the code again, now omitting the option
$LimitTo4=False, these messages disappear.  
This code works well with the 4.1 version of FeynCalc - the are no such
strange things in the output. It's also independent of whether I'm using
the LimitTo4 option or not.  
So, what's wrong with my code or with 5.1 beta3?  

Alexander.  

P.S.: Mathematica 5.2 was used.  

-----

  - **Next message:** [Rolf Mertig: "Re: Strange output of
    OneLoop"](0466.html)
  - **Previous message:** [Frederik Orellana: "Re: Euclidean
    metric"](0464.html)
  - **Next in thread:** [Rolf Mertig: "Re: Strange output of
    OneLoop"](0466.html)
  - **Maybe reply:** [Rolf Mertig: "Re: Strange output of
    OneLoop"](0466.html)
  - **Maybe reply:** [Alexander Semke: "Re: Strange output of
    OneLoop"](0468.html)

-----

