**Name:** vsh
**Date:** 04/03/14-02:09:34 PM Z

  - **Next message:** [Vladyslav Shtabovenko: "Bugs in FeynCalc
    8.2"](0769.html)
  - **Previous message:** [Rolf Mertig: "Re: TensorFunction
    Usefulness?"](0767.html)

-----

I'm using Feyncalc 8.2 with Mathematica 9 on Ubuntu 12.04  

It seems to me like in the most recent FeynCalc version there is a
problem  
with applying the FeynArts patch, because $FeynArtsDirectory is not
determined properly.  

In my case it was "./Feyn-Arts-3.7" instead of  
"/home/vsh/.Mathematica/Applications/HighEnergyPhysics/FeynArts-3.7/"  

Of course I tried Rolf Merting's advice from  
\<https://mathematica.stackexchange.com/questions/23641/feyncalc-may-shadow-or-be-shadowed-by-other-definitions\>  
but that didn't solve the problem either.  

So, if every time you load FeynCalc you are getting error messages
like  

Loop::shdw: "Symbol Loop appears in multiple contexts "  
...  
FeynAmp::shdw: "Symbol "FeynAmp" appears in multiple contexts "  
...  

and so on, you can try to do the following:  

Quit kernel and delete .Mathematica/Applications/HighEnergyPhysics/ in
you home directory.  
Then install FeynCalc again by executing:  

Import["<http://www.feyncalc.org/install.m>"]  

After the installation finishes, quit kernel again. Now run  

\<\< "HighEnergyPhysics\`Phi\`Extras\`FAPatch\`"  
$FeynArtsDirectory =
"/home/YOUR\_USERNAME/.Mathematica/Applications/HighEnergyPhysics/FeynArts-3.7/"  
HighEnergyPhysics\`Phi\`FAPatch\`FAPatch[]  

When the input dialog appears, enter "yes" and hit the OK button. Then
you will get a pretty long text input listing  
the files being patched.  

Now you can quit kernel again and try loading FeynCalc  

Needs["HighEnergyPhysics\`FeynCalc\`"]  

You still get two warnings "Optional::opdef: The default value for the
optional argument ..."  
but there are no errors related to FeynArts anymore.  

Hope that helps.  

Cheers,  
Vladyslav  

-----

  - **Next message:** [Vladyslav Shtabovenko: "Bugs in FeynCalc
    8.2"](0769.html)
  - **Previous message:** [Rolf Mertig: "Re: TensorFunction
    Usefulness?"](0767.html)

-----

