**Name:** Vladyslav Shtabovenko
**Date:** 04/08/14-03:24:59 PM Z

  - **Next message:** [Lucio Kalinger: "Specifying polarisation
    vectors"](0771.html)
  - **Previous message:** [Vladyslav Shtabovenko: "Bugs in FeynCalc
    8.2"](0769.html)
  - **In reply to:** [Vladyslav Shtabovenko: "Bugs in FeynCalc
    8.2"](0769.html)

-----

Dear all,  

during my further investigations of FeynCalc 8.2 I encountered a
problem  
related to the models from FeynArts.  

In the current state (even after applying my patches), to use the  
FeynArts models like SMQCD etc. you need to use  

SetOptions[FourVector, FeynCalcInternal -\> False];  

as described here  

\<https://mathematica.stackexchange.com/questions/7966/feynarts-not-working-properly\>  

If I understand it correctly, the problem comes from the tag assigment  

FourVector/: -FourVector[ mom\_, mu\_ ] :=
FourVector[Expand[-mom], mu]  
FourVector[ 0, \_ ] = 0  

that is used Dirac.gen, DiracU.gen, Lorentz.gen, Lorentzbgf.gen and  
QED.gen. While in FeynArts, FourVector is just an ordinary function,
in  
FeynCalc it is defined in a more complicated way. In particular, the  
standard behavior (FeynCalcInternal=True) is  

In[1]: FourVector[a, mu] // FullForm  
Out[1]:
Pair[LorentzIndex[mu],Momentum[a]]  

Then, with  

In[2]: SetOptions[FourVector, FeynCalcInternal -\>
False]  
         FourVector[a, mu] // FullForm  
we get  
Out [2]: FourVector[a,mu]  

In the first case, the TagSetDelayed command from FeynArts from  
obviously doesn't work, while in the latter case it seems to work
fine.  

Now I was thinking that to make the FeynArts models work
out-of-the-box  
we could just comment out  

FourVector/: -FourVector[ mom\_, mu\_ ] :=
FourVector[Expand[-mom], mu]  
FourVector[ 0, \_ ] = 0  

in the corresponding gen-files of FeynArts. The second rule is
redundant  
anyhow, since in FeynCalc, FourVector[0, mu] already gives you
zero. The  
second rule which absorbs the minus sign into the brackets is actually  
useless, since  

In[12]:= FourVector[-a, mu] // FullForm  

Out[12]//FullForm=
Times[-1,Pair[LorentzIndex[mu],Momentum[a]]]  

which means that FeynCalc will throw all the absorbed minus signs out
of  
the brackets anyhow.  

Now I know that for some strange reason Phi works properly only with  
SetOptions[FourVector, FeynCalcInternal -\> False] (see the
comment in  
PhiStart.m regarding QEDRadiativeCorrections.nb). However, when Phi is  
loaded, it sets this option automatically and it uses its own
gen-files.  

So currently I don't see a problem in applying this change in the  
gen-files of FeynArts. Rolf and Frederic are of course free to correct  
me if I'm missing a point here.  

This way you can generate FeynArts diagrams from FeynArts models but  
there are still difficulties evaluating them in FeynCalc, since they
use  
different conventions and functions. Things get better after you apply  
ConvertToFC1, but even after that certain replacements are still
necessary.  

There is a FAToFC function in Phi, but since Phi is not working as of  
now (at least for me), I cannot test it much, such that currently I'm  
doing the replacements by hand.  

For the momenta you can always do something like  

{FourMomentum[Incoming, 1]-\>p1,  
FourMomentum[Incoming, 2]-\>p2,  
FourMomentum[Outgoing, 1] -\>p3,  
FourMomentum[Outgoing, 2] -\> p4}  

Other replacements that seem to be ok in most cases are  

{IndexDelta[Index[a\_, b\_], Index[c\_, d\_]]
-\> 1,  
SumOver[\_\_\_] -\> 1,  
Conjugate[PolarizationVector][\_, x\_, y\_]  
\-\>Conjugate[PolarizationVector[x, y]],  
PolarizationVector[\_, x\_, y\_] -\> PolarizationVector[x,
y]}  

Please find the corresponding patch attached. The patch should be  
applied on top of FeynArts-3.7 that has already been patched for
FeynCalc  

Cheers,  
Vladyslav  

On 05/04/14 21:40, Vladyslav Shtabovenko wrote:  
*\> Dear all,*  
*\>*  
*\> I would like to report two bugs I encountered in Feyncalc 8.2
(latest*  
*\> version). I'm using Mathematica 9, but the bugs are not really
related*  
*\> to that.*  
*\>*  
*\> First of all, in Models/FCQCDLorentz.gen there should be a*  
*\> "$FermionLines = True" statement, since otherwise FeynArts
generates*  
*\> diagrams without Dirac traces and FeynCalc subsequently fails to
compute*  
*\> the color trace. This is fixed in Phi, but not in FeynCalc
itself.*  
*\>*  
*\> Then, in general/Collect3.m, there is a regression bug related to
the*  
*\> MonomialList function. In FC8.1 there was a condition to use the*  
*\> FeynCalc's version of MonomialList for Mathematica below version 6.
For*  
*\> some reason this condition was removed in FC8.2. The problem is,
that*  
*\> Mathematica's built-in MonomialList doesn't have the Option*  
*\> "CoefficientDomain -\> RationalFunctions", which makes all functions
that*  
*\> rely on Collect3 fail.*  
*\>*  
*\> You can easily reproduce the bugs by trying to run*  
*\> fcexamples/qcdghostse2loopnew2.nb.*  
*\> Because of the missing Dirac traces and the broken MonomialList,
the*  
*\> computation fails on FC8.2.*  
*\>*  
*\> Please find the patch that fixes this problems attached.*  
*\>*  
*\> Just in case, I also attach a patch for the FeynArts 3.7, since*  
*\> automatic patching doesn't seem to work with Mathematica 9. The
patch is*  
*\> just what happens to FA 3.7 after you run*  
*\>*  
*\> \<\< "HighEnergyPhysics\`Phi\`Extras\`FAPatch\`"*  
*\> $FeynArtsDirectory =*  
*\>
"/home/YOUR\_USERNAME/.Mathematica/Applications/HighEnergyPhysics/FeynArts-3.7/"*  
*\>*  
*\> HighEnergyPhysics\`Phi\`FAPatch\`FAPatch[]*  
*\>*  
*\>
-------------------------------------------------------------------------*  
*\> If you need to use FeynCalc 8.2 now and you absolutely cannot wait
until*  
*\> developers release the new version, here's a quick fix guide on
Linux:*  
*\>*  
*\> 1) Install fresh Feyncalc via*  
*\> Import["<http://www.feyncalc.org/install.m>"]*  
*\> 2) Copy the attached patches to*  
*\> \~/.Mathematica/Applications/HighEnergyPhysics*  
*\>*  
*\> 3) In the console run*  
*\> cd \~/.Mathematica/Applications/HighEnergyPhysics*  
*\> patch -p0 \< feynarts.patch*  
*\> patch -p0 \< fc82.patch*  
*\> 4) Restart Mathematica, run fcexamples/qcdghostse2loopnew2.nb. and
check*  
*\> that you get the same results as in the notebook*  
*\>
-----------------------------------------------------------------------*  
*\>*  
*\> P.S. Correct me if I'm wrong but it looks like in the CVS we still
have*  
*\> FC8.1, not FC8.2. Also, with the instructions on*  
*\> <http://www.feyncalc.org/cgi-bin/cvsweb.cgi/> it is impossible to
check*  
*\> out the repository :(*  
*\>*  
*\> Cheers,*  
*\> Vladyslav*  
*\>*  

-----

  - text/x-patch attachment:
    [feynarts-models-fix.patch](att-0770/01-feynarts-models-fix.patch)

-----

  - **Next message:** [Lucio Kalinger: "Specifying polarisation
    vectors"](0771.html)
  - **Previous message:** [Vladyslav Shtabovenko: "Bugs in FeynCalc
    8.2"](0769.html)
  - **In reply to:** [Vladyslav Shtabovenko: "Bugs in FeynCalc
    8.2"](0769.html)

-----

