**Name:** Vladyslav Shtabovenko
**Date:** 11/07/14-01:55:52 PM Z

  - **Next message:** [Mario Schenberg: "Bug in Oneloop function
    (?)"](0805.html)
  - **Previous message:** [Lingxiao Xu: "Re: Problems of two QCD
    processes calculating by FeynCalc and bugs of Contract?"](0803.html)
  - **In reply to:** [Lingxiao Xu: "Re: Problems of two QCD processes
    calculating by FeynCalc and bugs of Contract?"](0803.html)

-----

Hi,  

glad that you figured it out yourself. For the sake of other people  
reading this mailing list that might have similar concerns, I took the  
liberty to answer your previous questions.  

*\> SUNSimplify[SUNTrace[SUNT[i, j, i, j]], Explicit
-\> True] just gives*  
*\> -2/3; while SUNSimplify[SUNT[i, j, i, j], Explicit -\>
True] gives*  
*\> -2/9.why these two differ by a factor "3"?*  

The output is different, because in the first case you are computing  
the trace of T^i T^j T^i T^j, while in the second case you just  
simplify T^i T^j T^i T^j. In the former case you get a number,  
  while in the latter case you get a number \*times\* the 3x3 unit
matrix.  
If you apply SUNTrace to SUNSimplify[SUNT[i, j, i, j], you
will get  
\-(2/9)\*3 = -2/3 where 3 comes from the trace of the unit matrix.
Thus,  

SUNSimplify[SUNTrace[SUNT[i, j, i, j]], SUNNToCACF
-\> False] and  
SUNTrace[SUNSimplify[SUNT[i, j, i, j], SUNNToCACF -\>
False]] give you  
the same result as it should be.  

*\> As for the process(q,qbar-\>q,qbar),I guess we can just get the*  
*\> correct result by fixing the relative minus sign between two*  
*\> diagrams. It seems that,in my code, SUNSimplify can also make the*  
*\> color factor right, at least giving the right result.*  
*\> So DOES IT RIGHT OR WRONG?*  

It is wrong to ignore obvious mistakes only because the result looks  
fine. SUNSimplify always expects that you apply it on a chain of T  
matrices like T^A\_ij T^B\_jk T^C\_kl. If you have something like
T^A\_ij  
T^B\_kl T^C\_mn instead, you will obviously get a wrong result.  
You can persuade yourself by looking at the q\_i q\_j -\> q\_i q\_j  
process. There you have the same issue and you will not get the
correct  
prefactor, unless you use that the amplitude is proportional to
T^A\_ik  
T^A\_jk and not to T^A.T^A.  

*\> WHAT IF THERE ARE MORE TERMS CARRYING COLOR FACTORS, SHOULD WE
JUST*  
*\> EVALUATE IT BY HAND NOW OR WE CAN MAKE IT SIMPLER?*  

If you have n external quarks that can carry different colors, your  
amplitude will be proportional to n different fundamental indices. As
I  
previously stated, Feyncalc doesn't have bulit-in support for SUNT  
matrices with explicit fundamental indices yet. However, since
Feyncalc  
runs on top of Mathematica it is not really difficult to make it
handle  
such objects properly in a given computation. Let me show how this can  
be done.  

The idea is to introduce a function SUNTE [ {x}, i,j] which
corresponds  
to T^x\_ij, where x is the adjoint and i,j are fundamental color
indices.  
Since SUNTE defines a matrix element, it commutes with all other
objects  
and we don't need to care about DOT or commutators. Then you need to  
define a replacement rule that can "sew" our SUNTE matrices together  
when they have a common index, i.e. SUNTE [ {x}, i,j] SUNTE
[ {y}, i,k]  
will become SUNTE [ {x,y}, i,k]. If we want to obtain the
complex  
conjugate, we need to swap the fundamental indices. Finally, if both  
fundamental indices are the same, then we have a trace, since SUNTE
[  
{x,y,z}, i,i] is nothing else than SUNTrace[SUNT[
x,y,z]. If you input  
the amplitudes by hand, then you clearly need to make sure that you
use  
the correct indices everywhere. But the rest will be evaluated  
automatically\! Here is how one would modify your q qbar -\> q qbar
code  
to use this approach.  

\----------------------------------------------------------------------  
<<HighEnergyPhysics\`FeynCalc\`  
SUNTESimplify[ex\_] :=  
   ex //. {SUNTE[{x\_\_}, i\_, j\_] SUNTE[{y\_\_}, j\_,
k\_] :\>  
      SUNTE[{x, y}, i, k],  
     SUNTE[{x\_\_}, i\_, i\_] :\>  
      SUNSimplify[SUNTrace[SUNT[x]], Explicit -\>
True,  
       SUNNToCACF -\> False]};  
SetMandelstam[s, t, u, p1, p2, -p3, -p4, 0, 0, 0, 0];  
ScPr[p\_, m\_] := -I/(ScalarProduct[p] - m^2) //
ExpandScalarProduct;  
ftrace = {DiracTrace -\> Tr2, D -\> 4};  
SUNN = 3;  
SetOptions[SUNSimplify, SUNNToCACF -\> False];  
qav = 6;  
f1 = (SpinorVBar[p2, 0].QGV[\\[Alpha],
a].SpinorU[p1, 0] ScPr[p1 + p2,  
        0] SpinorUBar[p3, 0].QGV[\\[Alpha],
b].SpinorV[p4, 0] //  
      Explicit) /. {SUNT[SUNIndex[a]] -\> SUNTE[{a},
i, j],  
     SUNT[SUNIndex[b]] -\> SUNTE[{a}, l, k]};  
f2 = -(SpinorUBar[p3, 0].QGV[\\[Alpha],
a].SpinorU[p1, 0] ScPr[p1 - p3,  
          0] SpinorVBar[p2, 0].QGV[\\[Alpha],
b].SpinorV[p4, 0] //  
       Explicit) /. {SUNT[SUNIndex[a]] -\>
SUNTE[{a}, i, k],  
     SUNT[SUNIndex[b]] -\> SUNTE[{a}, l, j]};  
f1s = (SpinorUBar[p1, 0].QGV[\\[Beta],
a].SpinorV[p2,  
         0] (-ScPr[p1 + p2, 0]) SpinorVBar[p4,
0].QGV[\\[Beta],  
         b].SpinorU[p3, 0] // Explicit) /.
{SUNT[SUNIndex[a]] -\>  
      SUNTE[{b}, j, i], SUNT[SUNIndex[b]] -\>
SUNTE[{b}, k, l]};  
f2s = -(SpinorUBar[p1, 0].QGV[\\[Beta],
a].SpinorU[p3,  
          0] (-ScPr[p1 - p3, 0]) SpinorVBar[p4,
0].QGV[\\[Beta],  
          b].SpinorV[p2, 0] // Explicit) /.
{SUNT[SUNIndex[a]] -\>  
      SUNTE[{b}, k, i], SUNT[SUNIndex[b]] -\>
SUNTE[{b}, j, l]};  
f = f1 + f2;  
fstar = f1s + f2s;  
Msq = (1/(qav^2 Gstrong^4)) ((FermionSpinSum[f fstar] //
Explicit //  
           Expand) /. ftrace) // Contract // SUNTESimplify //  
    SUNSimplify // Expand  
standard = 4/9 ((s^2 + u^2)/t^2 + (u^2 + t^2)/s^2 - 2/3 u^2/(s t));  
TrickMandelstam[Msq - standard, {s, t, u, 0}]  
\----------------------------------------------------------------------  

You can automatize this even further if you use FeynArts to generate  
your amplitudes. FeynArts always writes color matrices with explicit  
fundamental indices, such that it is very simple to convert it to our  
SUNTE. Here's an example of computing qg-\>qg that works with the
current  
development snapshot. You can also modify it to run with Feyncalc 8.2,  
but there you don't have the new function for automatic renaming of  
dummy indices , that I added only recently. Note that I also defined a  
function InsertPolSum to do polarization  
sums for gluons without bothering about Lorentz indices  

\----------------------------------------------------------------------  
$LoadPhi = $LoadTARCER = False;  
$LoadFeynArts = True;  
<<HighEnergyPhysics\`FeynCalc\`  
$FAVerbose = 0;  
top = CreateTopologies[0, 2 -\> 2];  
diags =  
     InsertFields[top, {F[3, {1}], V[5]} -\>
{F[3, {1}], V[5]},  
    InsertionLevel -\> {Classes},  
       Model -\> "SMQCD",  
    ExcludeParticles -\> {V[1], S[1], S[2],
V[2]}];  
Paint[diags, ColumnsXRows -\> {3, 1}, Numbering -\> None];  
amps = Map[ReplaceAll[\#, FeynAmp[\_, \_, amp\_, \_\_\_]
:\> amp] &,  
        Apply[List,  
          FCPrepareFAAmp[CreateFeynAmp[diags,  
             Truncated -\> False,  
        PreFactor -\> 1]]]] //. {(a1\_\_
DiracGamma[6] a2\_\_ +  
              a1\_\_ DiracGamma[7] a2\_\_) :\> a1 a2,  
     NonCommutative[x\_\_\_] -\> x,  
        FermionChain -\> DOT, DiracSpinor -\> Spinor,  
     FourMomentum[Incoming, 1] -\> p1,  
     FourMomentum[Incoming, 2] -\> q1,  
        FourMomentum[Outgoing, 1] -\> p2,  
     FourMomentum[Outgoing, 2] -\> q2,  
        Index[Lorentz, x\_] :\>  

      LorentzIndex[ToExpression["Lor" \<\>
ToString[x]]],  
        Index[Gluon, x\_] :\>  

      SUNIndex[ToExpression["Glu" \<\>
ToString[x]]],  
     SumOver[\_\_] :\> 1,  
     SUNT[a\_, i\_, j\_] :\>  
      SUNTE[{SUNIndex[a]}, SUNIndex[i],
SUNIndex[j]], MU -\> MQ,  
     GaugeXi[g] -\> GaugeXi,  
     Conjugate[PolarizationVector][\_, x\_, y\_] :\>  
      Conjugate[PolarizationVector[x, y, Transversality -\>
True]],  
     PolarizationVector[\_, x\_, y\_] :\>  
      PolarizationVector[x, y, Transversality -\> True],  
     Index[Colour, x\_] :\> ToExpression["Col" \<\>
ToString[x]]};  
SUNTESimplify[ex\_] :=  
   ex //. {SUNTE[{x\_\_}, i\_, j\_] SUNTE[{y\_\_}, j\_,
k\_] :\>  
      SUNTE[{x, y}, i, k],  
     SUNTE[{x\_\_}, i\_, i\_] :\>  
      SUNSimplify[SUNTrace[SUNT[x]], Explicit -\>
True,  
       SUNNToCACF -\> False]};  
InsertPolSum[ex\_, mom\_, auxmom\_] :=  
   ex //. {Pair[LorentzIndex[x\_],  
        Momentum[Polarization[mom, I, Transversality -\>
True]]] Pair[  
        LorentzIndex[y\_],  
        Momentum[Polarization[mom, -I, Transversality -\>
True]]] :\>  
      PolarizationSum[x, y, mom, auxmom]};  
SetMandelstam[s, t, u, p1, q1, -p2, -q2, 0, 0, 0, 0];  
ampsMassless = amps // ReplaceAll[\#, MQ -\> 0] &;  
sqAmpMassless = (1/(6\*16)) Total[  
                ampsMassless] (Total[ampsMassless] //  
                   ComplexConjugate // FCRenameDummyIndices //  
                 ReplaceAll[\#,  
                   SUNTE[{x\_\_}, i\_, j\_] :\> SUNTE[{x},
j, i]] &) //  
              FermionSpinSum // InsertPolSum[\#, q1, p1] & //  
            InsertPolSum[\#, q2, p2] & // Contract //  
          PropagatorDenominatorExplicit //  
         ReplaceAll[\#,  
           DiracTrace[x\_] :\>  
            DiracTrace[x, DiracTraceEvaluate -\> True]] &
//  
        SUNTESimplify //  
       SUNSimplify[\#, Explicit -\> True, SUNNToCACF -\> False]
& //  
      ReplaceAll[\#, {SUNN -\> 3, MQ -\> 0}] & // Simplify //  
    TrickMandelstam[\#, {s, t, u, 0}] & // Expand  
standard = ((s^2 + u^2)/t^2 - (4/9) (s^2 + u^2)/(s u)) Gstrong^4;  
TrickMandelstam[sqAmpMassless - standard, {s, t, u, 0}]  
\----------------------------------------------------------------------  

Cheers,  
Vladyslav  

On 06/11/14 17:08, Lingxiao Xu wrote:  
*\> Hi,*  
*\> I'm very sorry to made a few mistakes in my previous message. As for
the process on quark gluon scattering, there is a typo when defining the
scalar propagator, ScalarProduct[p] just shouldn't be squared. I
can get the correct answer without using SUNTrace in the last few steps,
SUNSimplify is enough at that stage. I just did a few more related QCD
processes, and I think I have been much more familiar with FeynCalc now.
That is fine.*  
*\>*  
*\> Cheers\!*  
*\>*  
*\> Lingxiao Xu*  
*\>*  

-----

  - **Next message:** [Mario Schenberg: "Bug in Oneloop function
    (?)"](0805.html)
  - **Previous message:** [Lingxiao Xu: "Re: Problems of two QCD
    processes calculating by FeynCalc and bugs of Contract?"](0803.html)
  - **In reply to:** [Lingxiao Xu: "Re: Problems of two QCD processes
    calculating by FeynCalc and bugs of Contract?"](0803.html)

-----

