**Name:** Vladyslav Shtabovenko
**Date:** 12/09/14-12:11:14 PM Z

  - **Next message:** [Kasi Jaswin.: "How to have a specific spin in the
    amplitude."](0818.html)
  - **Previous message:** [Sun Qingfeng: "Re: A BUG in The Calc
    Function"](0816.html)
  - **In reply to:** [Sun Qingfeng: "Re: A BUG in The Calc
    Function"](0816.html)
  - **Next in thread:** [Sun Qingfeng: "Re: A BUG in The Calc
    Function"](0981.html)

-----

Hi,  

thanks for reporting this issue.  

The problem comes from PowerExpand that is used in FeynCalc's  
PowerSimplify. When PowerExpand is used without any options, the  
expansion of the square root is not always correct.  

<http://reference.wolfram.com/language/ref/PowerExpand.html>  

The correct and universal result can be obtained by adding the option  
Assumptions-\>True. The bug is now fixed in the development version  

\<https://github.com/FeynCalc/feyncalc/commit/acfbf5ab3dfd251b182b700a9ae32aff6ba3dee4\>  

$Assumptions = {test \> 1};  
tmp = Sqrt[test - 1];  
Calc[tmp (Pair[LorentzIndex[\\[Beta]],
LorentzIndex[\\[Beta]1]]) (Pair[  
     LorentzIndex[\\[Beta]],
LorentzIndex[\\[Beta]1]])]//Simplify  

returns  

4\*Sqrt[-1 + test]  

Apart from that, in many cases the Calc function is not the optimal
way  
to simplify an expression, since it tries to do a lot of things that  
might not be needed at all. For example, for your expression, Contract  
alone is sufficient:  

Contract[tmp (Pair[LorentzIndex[\\[Beta]],
LorentzIndex[\\[Beta]1]])  
(Pair[LorentzIndex[\\[Beta]],
LorentzIndex[\\[Beta]1]])]  

P.S. Note that if you want to simplify expressions that contain a
square  
root of a negative real number, you have to be very careful with  
Mathematica. For example,  

Sqrt[-a] // PowerExpand[\#, Assumptions -\> True] & //  
  Simplify[\#, Assumptions -\> {a \> 0}] &  

returns I Sqrt[A], i.e. Mathematica assumes that
Sqrt[-a] is  
Sqrt[-a+ i eps]. If however, you actually meant it to be
Sqrt[-a- i  
eps], the result will be wrong. For this reason it is useful to
add  
a small imaginary part, to prevent Mathematica from making too many  
assumptions. With  

Sqrt[-a + I eta] //  
  Limit[\#, eta -\> 0, Direction -\> -1, Assumptions -\> {a \>
0}] &  

Sqrt[-a - I eta] //  
  Limit[\#, eta -\> 0, Direction -\> -1, Assumptions -\> {a \>
0}] &  

one can get the correct results for approaching the branch cut from  
above or from below.  

Cheers,  
Vladyslav  

On 09/12/14 11:21, Sun Qingfeng wrote:  
*\> I meant A BUG in The "Calc" Function, why the word in "" can not be
shown....*  
*\>*  

-----

  - **Next message:** [Kasi Jaswin.: "How to have a specific spin in the
    amplitude."](0818.html)
  - **Previous message:** [Sun Qingfeng: "Re: A BUG in The Calc
    Function"](0816.html)
  - **In reply to:** [Sun Qingfeng: "Re: A BUG in The Calc
    Function"](0816.html)
  - **Next in thread:** [Sun Qingfeng: "Re: A BUG in The Calc
    Function"](0981.html)

-----

