**Name:** Vladyslav Shtabovenko
**Date:** 02/10/15-05:14:38 PM Z

  - **Next message:** [Vladyslav Shtabovenko: "Re: Polarization sums
    with dummy indices"](0844.html)
  - **Previous message:** [Nodoka Yamanaka: "Reduction of
    SUND"](0842.html)
  - **Maybe in reply to:** [Marco: "Issues with SUNSimplify"](0705.html)

-----

Dear FeynCalc users,  

we agree that in many computations it is quite useful to work with
SU(N)  
matrices in the fundamental representation that carry explicit  
fundamental indices. Although one can define such objects and do the  
necessary contractions by hand, we decided to implement this as a new  
feature in the upcoming FeynCalc 9. It is already available in the  
development version.  

\<https://github.com/FeynCalc/feyncalc/commit/062cd8c8c6d3d62aed11945b496db5795545a319\>  

First of all, we changed the typesetting of all the SU(N) objects,
such  
that now adjoint indices are always upstairs, while the fundamental  
indices are downstairs. An SU(N) matrix with explicit fundamental  
indices is denoted by SUNTF. The full FeynCalcInternal representation
is  

SUNTF[{SUNIndex[a]},SUNFIndex[i],SUNFIndex[j]]  

which corresponds to T^a\_ij, where a is the adjoint, while i and j
are  
fundamental indices. Note the new head SUNFIndex that stands for  
fundamental indices. Furthermore, unlike SUNT, SUNTF commutes with  
everything, since it is not a matrix, but a particular element of a  
matrix, i.e. c-number. The first argument is a list of SUNIndex
objects,  
hence to write say (T^a T^b T^c)\_ij you can use  
SUNTF[{SUNIndex[a], SUNIndex[b], SUNIndex[c]
},SUNFIndex[i],SUNFIndex[j]]  

As usual, for convenience you can use the FeynCalcExternal input
style,  
i.e. SUNT[{a},i,j] or SUNT[{a,b,c},i,j] are fine as
well. A special case  
is SUNT[a,i,j] which is automatically converted to
SUNT[{a},i,j]  

In addition to that we added the Kronecker delta in the fundamental  
representation (SUNFDelta), described as  
SUNFDelta[SUNFIndex[b],SUNFIndex[c]]. Its
FeynCalcExternal name is SDF  
and can be used as SDF[a,b].  

A new function SUNFSimplify is responsible for working with
fundamental  
indices. It can contract SUNTFs that have common indices (i.e.  
SUNTF[{a},i,j] SUNTF[{b},j,k] SUNTF[{c},k,l]
becomes SUNTF[{a,b,c},i,l])  
and perform contractions with Kronecker deltas like  
SUNTF[{a},i,j] SUNFDelta[j,k] SUNTF[{b},k,l] -\>
SUNTF[{a,b},i,l]  
SUNFDelta[i,j]SUNFDelta[j,i] -\> SUNN  

However, it is not needed to execute SUNFSimplify separately.  
SUNSimplify automatically identifies expressions contatining SUNFIndex  
and runs SUNFSimplify on them.  

ComplexConjugate can handle SUNTF objects without problems,e.g.  

ComplexConjugate[SUNTF[a, i, j]] -\>
SUNTF[a,j,i]  

ComplexConjugate[SUNTF[{a,b,c}, i, j]] -\>
SUNTF[{c,b,a},j,i]  

The same goes for FCRenameDummyIndices:  

FCRenameDummyIndices[SUNTF[{a}, i, j] SUNTF[{b}, j,
k]] -\>  

SUNTF[{a}, i, $AL[57]] SUNTF[{b}, $AL[57],
k]  

Now it is also very simple to convert FeynArts output that contains  
color matrices to FeynCalc input:  

SUNT[Index[Gluon, 2], Index[Colour, 3],
Index[Colour, 5]]  
/.{Index[Gluon,x\_]:\>SUNIndex[ToExpression["Glu"\<\>ToString[x]]],  
Index[Colour,x\_]:\>SUNFIndex[ToExpression["Col"\<\>ToString[x]]],SUNT-\>SUNTF}  

becomes  

SUNTF[{SUNIndex[Glu2]}, SUNFIndex[Col3],
SUNFIndex[Col5]].  

Last but not least, we added new examples for tree level parton  
processes in QCD that extensively use new SUNTF objects.  

\<https://github.com/FeynCalc/feyncalc/tree/master/FeynCalc/fcexamples/QCD\>  

If you are interested to help, please give the new SUNTF and SUNFDelta
a  
try and report possible issues.  

Cheers,  
Vladyslav  

-----

  - **Next message:** [Vladyslav Shtabovenko: "Re: Polarization sums
    with dummy indices"](0844.html)
  - **Previous message:** [Nodoka Yamanaka: "Reduction of
    SUND"](0842.html)
  - **Maybe in reply to:** [Marco: "Issues with SUNSimplify"](0705.html)

-----

