**Name:** Vladyslav Shtabovenko
**Date:** 02/10/15-06:13:55 PM Z

  - **Next message:** [Vladyslav Shtabovenko: "Re: Reduction of
    SUND"](0845.html)
  - **Previous message:** [Vladyslav Shtabovenko: "Re: Issues with
    SUNSimplify"](0843.html)
  - **Maybe in reply to:** [Ben: "Polarization sums with dummy
    indices"](0697.html)
  - **Next in thread:** [Kyrylo Bondarenko: "Re: Polarization sums with
    dummy indices"](0853.html)

-----

Speaking of polarization sums for vector bosons,  
the old DoPolarizationSums function has recently got a major makeover.  

\<https://github.com/FeynCalc/feyncalc/commit/fef289c48c9fa0fd6990e1464d5fda032add0532\>  

Instead of just inserting -g(mu,nu) for suitable  
polarization vectors (which is for example not ok for QCD, unless  
you want to add the ghost contributions explicitly), it now  
can deal both with massive and massless vector bosons.  

The new syntax is DoPolarizationSums[exp, k, n], where  
exp is you matrix element squared, k is the four vector  
of the external vector boson and n is the auxiliary vector  
needed for massless bosons. In this form it can be used e.g.  
for gluons. Usually one would pick n to be one of the external  
momenta, such that SP[k,n]=\!=0. At the end n should of course
cancel  
out for all gauge invariant quantities.  

Now we know that in pure QED processes it is usually sufficient to  
replace the polarization sum by just -g(mu,nu) to get the correct  
result. Fine, for this use DoPolarizationSums[exp, k, 0].  

Finally DoPolarizationSums[exp, k] means that we have a
massive  
vector boson, with the mass equal to SP[k,k] (e.g. W or Z)  

Currently DoPolarizationSums hat two options: ExtraFactor and
Contract.  
ExtraFactor-\> a means that the whole expression will be multiplied by
a.  
For example if, we are averaging over photon or gluon polarizations,
it  
is convenient to set ExtraFactor-\> 1/2 right from the beginning.  
The option Contract specifies if the inserted polarization sum should
be  
immediately contracted with the rest of the expression or not. The  
default is True and it does make things a bit faster. Of course you
can  
also do e.g.  

DoPolarizationSums[  
  Pair[Momentum[k], Momentum[Polarization[p,
I]]] Pair[Momentum[q],  
    Momentum[Polarization[p, -I]]], p, n, Contract
-\> False]  

to explicitly see the uncontracted polarization sum.  

By the way, DoPolarizationSums automatically takes care about  
uncontracting polarization vectors, so you don't need any tricks here  

Last but not least, note that DoPolarizationSums must be applied for  
each external boson. For example, if you have a process with two  
external photons k1 and k2, you must use DoPolarizationSums for k1 and  
k2 separately.  

The polarization sums that get inserted for massive and massless
bosons  
are defined in PolarizationSum  

\<https://github.com/FeynCalc/feyncalc/blob/master/FeynCalc/fctools/PolarizationSum.m\>  

For real life examples, have a look at the included examples for e.g.  

Compton scattering in QED  
\<https://github.com/FeynCalc/feyncalc/blob/master/FeynCalc/fcexamples/QED/QEDComptonScatteringTree.m\>  

Quark Gluon scattering in QCD  
\<https://github.com/FeynCalc/feyncalc/blob/master/FeynCalc/fcexamples/QCD/QCDGQiToGQi.m\>  

Gluon Gluon to Gluon Gluon scattering in QCD  
https://github.com/FeynCalc/feyncalc/blob/master/FeynCalc/fcexamples/QCD/QCDGGToGGTree.m  

Cheers,  
Vladyslav  

-----

  - **Next message:** [Vladyslav Shtabovenko: "Re: Reduction of
    SUND"](0845.html)
  - **Previous message:** [Vladyslav Shtabovenko: "Re: Issues with
    SUNSimplify"](0843.html)
  - **Maybe in reply to:** [Ben: "Polarization sums with dummy
    indices"](0697.html)
  - **Next in thread:** [Kyrylo Bondarenko: "Re: Polarization sums with
    dummy indices"](0853.html)

-----

