**Name:** Vladyslav Shtabovenko
**Date:** 02/11/15-06:33:39 PM Z

  - **Next message:** [Vladyslav Shtabovenko: "Re: Gamma
    Matrices"](0847.html)
  - **Previous message:** [Vladyslav Shtabovenko: "Re: Reduction of
    SUND"](0845.html)
  - **Maybe in reply to:** [Reinke Sven Isermann: "FeynArts using
    Feyncalc"](0703.html)

-----

The conversion of FeynArts output to FeynCalc input is a recurring  
question so let me answer it here in some details.  

In general, FeynArts developers do not really care about any  
compatibility to FeynCalc. This is why some effort is always needed  
when doing a conversion between the two.  

The first problem is that FeynArts and FeynCalc use same names  
for their functions which inevitably leads to shadowing. This is  
why FeynArts must be patched before it can be used with FeynCalc  
on the same kernel.  

\<https://github.com/FeynCalc/feyncalc/wiki/FeynArts\#fa\_plus\_fc\>  

Another problem is that many objects that you get in the output of  
FeynArts are either called differently in FeynCalc or not present  
at all (e.g. MajoranaSpinor). For some time we were  
trying to integrate certain FeynArts objects into FeynCalc in order to  
achieve some sort of seamless conversion. However, this didn't really  
work out. In some cases FeynArts and FeynCalc would give such objects  
completely different properties and that would lead to issues or even
bugs.  

Recently we changed our approach in the sense that we are not trying  
to integrate FeynArts in FeynCalc or to change the way it behaves or  
even to rewrite its models (that would be too much work anyhow).  
Instead, we attempt to provide a filter that takes the output of  
FeynArts as it is and converts it to an expression that can be
evaluated  
in FeynCalc as good as possible. This is done by the FCPrepareFAAmp
function  

\<https://github.com/FeynCalc/feyncalc/blob/master/FeynCalc/fctools/FCPrepareFAAmp.m\>  

For QCD and QED this already works quite well. The user just has to  
rename the momenta as he or she likes, make the polarization vectors  
transverse (if needed) and drop SumOver objects.  

Have a look at the description in the wiki  

\<https://github.com/FeynCalc/feyncalc/wiki/FeynArts\#fatofc\>  

or at the computations here  

\<https://github.com/FeynCalc/feyncalc/tree/master/FeynCalc/fcexamples\>  

for some real life examples.  

Cheers,  
Vladyslav  

-----

  - **Next message:** [Vladyslav Shtabovenko: "Re: Gamma
    Matrices"](0847.html)
  - **Previous message:** [Vladyslav Shtabovenko: "Re: Reduction of
    SUND"](0845.html)
  - **Maybe in reply to:** [Reinke Sven Isermann: "FeynArts using
    Feyncalc"](0703.html)

-----

