**Name:** Vladyslav Shtabovenko
**Date:** 04/08/15-04:26:53 PM Z

  - **Next message:** [Vladyslav Shtabovenko: "Re:
    DiracReduce"](0872.html)
  - **Previous message:** [Vladyslav Shtabovenko: "Great Unifying
    Refactoring"](0870.html)
  - **In reply to:** [Vladyslav Shtabovenko: "Great Unifying
    Refactoring"](0870.html)

-----

A small correction to my previous announcement:  

*\> Now FeynCalc is just one package and all its*  
*\> objects live in the context HighEnergyPhysics\`FeynCalc\`.*  

should actually read  

*\> Now FeynCalc is just one package and all its*  
*\> objects live in the context FeynCalc\`.*  

Sorry for the confusion.  

Cheers,  
Vladyslav  

Am 08.04.2015 um 15:03 schrieb Vladyslav Shtabovenko:  
*\> Dear FeynCalc users,*  
*\>*  
*\> the new commit*  
*\>*  
*\>
\<https://github.com/FeynCalc/feyncalc/commit/9365d4937c208d53d843568bb059f48e83cd3c26\>*  
*\>*  
*\> to the git repository of FeynCalc introduces a lot of changes to
the*  
*\> structure of FeynCalc that we would like to introduce in details
here:*  
*\>*  
*\> 1) You might have been wondering, why FeynCalc must be installed to
the*  
*\> directory "HighEnergyPhysics" and not just "FeynCalc". Well, this
used*  
*\> to be liked that for some legacy reasons but is actually not
necessary*  
*\> nowadays. From now on FeynCalc lives in "FeynCalc" and*  
*\> it is started simply via "\<\<FeynCalc\`"*  
*\>*  
*\> 2) The internal structure of FeynCalc got completely refactored
to*  
*\> simplify the maintenance and avoid problems with Mathematica's*  
*\> autocompletion. Before that FeynCalc actually consisted of hundreds
of*  
*\> separate packages (each .m file was a package). Loading that number
of*  
*\> packages in one session was freezing Mathematica's auto-complete.
This*  
*\> should not occur anymore. Now FeynCalc is just one package and all
its*  
*\> objects live in the context HighEnergyPhysics\`FeynCalc\`. This
allows us*  
*\> to get rid of the (error-prone) tricks with MakeContext and
CheckContext*  
*\> that we had in the source code before. Furthermoe, the directory*  
*\> structure was adjusted to be compatible with the standard layout
in*  
*\> Wolfram Workbench, which is the state of the art tool to develop
large*  
*\> Mathematica packages.*  
*\>*  
*\> 3) Much of the source code (although not everything yet) is now
nicely*  
*\> formatted.*  
*\>*  
*\> 4) The directory structure inside HighEnergyPhysics is now organized
in*  
*\> the following way*  
*\> \* "AddOns": small user addons for FeynCalc*  
*\> \* "Database" : contains cached results for user's computations*  
*\> \* "Dirac": tools for Dirac algebra*  
*\> \* "Documentation": contains package documentation*  
*\> \* "Examples": sample computations with FeynCalc that reproduce
known*  
*\> results from the literature*  
*\> \* "ExportImport": tools for exchanging results between FeynCalc
and*  
*\> other tools*  
*\> \* "FeynArts": contains patched FeynArts*  
*\> \* "Feynman" : tools for dealing with S-matrix elements,
including*  
*\> derivation of Feynman rules and computation of the matrix element
squared*  
*\> \* "Kernel": related to the way Mathematica loads packages*  
*\> \* "LoopIntegral": tools for loop integrals*  
*\> \* "Lorentz": tools for working with quantities that carry
Lorentz*  
*\> indices and for dealing with the kinematics*  
*\> \* "Misc" : for routines that don't fall into any other category.*  
*\> \* "NonComAlgebra": general functions for non-commutative objects*  
*\> \* "Phi": contains Frederik Orellana's PHI*  
*\> \* "QCD" : tools for QCD OPE calculations (still poorly tested
and*  
*\> documented)*  
*\> \* "Shared": general objects (e.g. Pair, DiracGamma, SUNF) and
functions*  
*\> (e.g. FreeQ2, SelectFree, Factor2) that are widely used by other
parts*  
*\> of the FeynCalc code.*  
*\> \* "SUN": tools for SU(N) algebra*  
*\> \* "Tables": database with various analytic expressions*  
*\> \* "Phi": contains TARCER by Rolf Mertig and Rainer Scharf*  
*\>*  
*\> 5) Since FeynCalc now always loads all its .m files, we squashed
some*  
*\> (short) functions into common files. For example, Apart1, Apart2
and*  
*\> Apart3 now live in Apart.m. This is done to keep the time FeynCalc
needs*  
*\> to load reasonably small.*  
*\>*  
*\> 6) Options parsing in many functions have been improved to use
the*  
*\> modern MMA's OptionsPattern - OptionValue paradigm.*  
*\>*  
*\> 7) The number of unit tests have been increased. Although we are
still*  
*\> far away from the full code coverage, with more than 2700 unit test
we*  
*\> are doing quite good.*  
*\>*  
*\> 8) FeynCalc tabulates many expressions that can be requested by
the*  
*\> user, e.g. Lagrangians. To make it easy for the user to work with
these*  
*\> expressions, FeynCalc returned them with indices and variables in
the*  
*\> Global\` context. However this also means that when FeynCalc is
loaded,*  
*\> it puts a lot of objects into the Global\` context where they may
clash*  
*\> with user-defined functions. To solve this problem we introduced a
new*  
*\> object: FCGV which is acronym for FeynCalc Global Variable. The
syntax*  
*\> is FCGV[x\_String]. From now on, variables that used to be
returned as*  
*\> Global\`VariableName will be outputted as
FCGV["VariableName"]. You will*  
*\> nottice them in your expressions as having FCGV around them, i.e.*  
*\> FCGV["p"] will be displayed as FCGV(p). You can always
convert such*  
*\> objects to "normal" variables via the replacement rule
{FCGV[x\_String]*  
*\> :\>ToExpression[x]} We understand that this additional step
may pose some*  
*\> inconveniences to you, but from the point of view of Mathematica*  
*\> programming and interoperability between different packages, this*  
*\> solution seems to be the cleanest way to avoid troubles in
future.*  
*\>*  
*\> For example, Lagrangian["QCD"] now returns*  
*\>*  
*\> -(1/4) FieldStrength[FCGV["\\[Alpha]"],
FCGV["\\[Beta]"],*  
*\>
FCGV["a"]].FieldStrength[FCGV["\\[Alpha]"],
FCGV["\\[Beta]"],*  
*\> FCGV["a"]]*  
*\>*  
*\> instead of*  
*\>*  
*\> -(1/4) FieldStrength[\\[Alpha], \\[Beta],*  
*\> a].FieldStrength[\\[Alpha], \\[Beta],
a]*  
*\>*  
*\> as it used to be. Now suppose that before invoking
Lagrangian["QCD"] you*  
*\> defined \\[Alpha] = 1/137. With the new output using FCGV
nothing*  
*\> changes. With the old output*  
*\> you would have got*  
*\>*  
*\> -(1/4) FieldStrength[1/137, \\[Beta],
a].FieldStrength[1/137, \\[Beta], a]*  
*\>*  
*\> which is clearly not what you want.*  
*\>*  
*\> 9) To circumvent problems related to the patching of FeynArts, from
now*  
*\> on FeynCalc will look for FeynArts only in the directory
"FeynArts"*  
*\> inside "HighEnergyPhysics". Nevertheless, it is still possible to*  
*\> specify an alternative directory by setting*  
*\> FeynCalc\`$FeynArtsDirectory="path" before loading FeynCalc. The
patching*  
*\> code was moved to FeynCalc, i.e. now it will run even when Phi is
not*  
*\> loaded.*  
*\>*  
*\> 10) The TARCER notebook have been converted into a source file*  
*\> ("TARCER.m"). Furthermore, generated TARCER\*.mx files are not*  
*\> distributed anymore with the source code. When you first try to
load*  
*\> TARCER, a dialog will appear with the suggestion to generate the
.mx*  
*\> file now. This process has to be done only once and takes only a
couple*  
*\> of minutes. After that, the generated .mx will be automatically
loaded*  
*\> whenever you want to use TARCER.*  
*\>*  
*\> 11) Prior to this commit FeynCalc used to switch the format of
output*  
*\> cells to TraditionalForm. Now it will only issue a*  
*\> warning message suggesting the user to do this by himself or
herself.*  
*\> Such messages can be disabled by setting $FCAdvice to False.*  
*\> So if you despise all the fancy typesetting and prefer to work
with*  
*\> StandardForm, FeynCalc will respect your decision.*  
*\>*  
*\> 12) To avoid clashes with built-in functions of recent
Mathematica*  
*\> versions, we had to rename*  
*\> some FeynCalc functions:*  
*\>*  
*\> PartialD -\> FCPartialD*  
*\> Symmetrize -\> FCSymmetrize*  
*\> AntiSymmetrize -\> FCAntiSymmetrize*  
*\>*  
*\> Cheers,*  
*\> Vladyslav*  
*\>*  

-----

  - **Next message:** [Vladyslav Shtabovenko: "Re:
    DiracReduce"](0872.html)
  - **Previous message:** [Vladyslav Shtabovenko: "Great Unifying
    Refactoring"](0870.html)
  - **In reply to:** [Vladyslav Shtabovenko: "Great Unifying
    Refactoring"](0870.html)

-----

