**Name:** Aliaksandr Dubrouski
**Date:** 04/09/15-12:32:54 PM Z

  - **Next message:** [Rakhi: "error in feyncalc
    contraction?"](0876.html)
  - **Previous message:** [Stanislav: "Several questions"](0874.html)
  - **In reply to:** [Stanislav: "Several questions"](0874.html)

-----

2 Stanislav  

Look at the input form of the \\[Epsilon]^(K2\*P1\*P2\*K1),
because what you  
see is just a format used to display the contraction of LeviCivita
tensor  
with four 4-momenta.  
Substitution rules work for the InputForm expressions. This is
basically  
not a FeynCalc question but a Mathematica programming question. You
can  
specify the custom tensor with Tensorfunction as follows  
*\>\>\> Tensorfunction[t, mu, nu, ...]*  
See <http://www.feyncalc.org/FeynCalcBook/Tensorfunction/index.html>
for  
details.  
Additionally I would suggest substituting the contractions of your
tensor  
with four-vectors after the FeynCalc will contract the lorentz indices
for  
you with the vector components.  

I.e. you do not need to specify the tensor in components as you
mentioned  
phi\_mu\_nu = diag{0,1,1,0} but specify it as a substitution rules for
tensor  
contracted with two arbitrary 4-vectors and its trace.  

2015-04-09 0:30 GMT+03:00 Stanislav
\<[noreply_at_HIDDEN-E-MAIL]\>:  

*\> Okay, several questions have arised...*  
*\>*  
*\> 1. Is there a way to specify my own tensor? Metric and LeviCivita
are not*  
*\> enough for me. For example, i'd like this one with lower indices to
be*  
*\> specified: phi\_mu\_nu = diag{0,1,1,0}*  
*\>*  
*\> Does FeynCalc contract this kind of predefined tensors?*  
*\>*  
*\> 2. When contracting 4 vectors with LeviCivita symbol i get an object
like*  
*\> \\[Epsilon]^(K2\*P1\*P2\*K1)*  
*\>*  
*\> I would like either to make this contraction explicit or to replace
it*  
*\> with already known expression.*  
*\>*  
*\> But things like*  
*\> \>\>\> M = M /. \\[Epsilon]^(K2\*P1\*P2\*K1) -\>
my\_expression*  
*\> do not work. What's going on?*  
*\>*  
*\>*  

    -- 
    Regards,
                Aliaksandr Dubrouski

-----

  - **Next message:** [Rakhi: "error in feyncalc
    contraction?"](0876.html)
  - **Previous message:** [Stanislav: "Several questions"](0874.html)
  - **In reply to:** [Stanislav: "Several questions"](0874.html)

-----

