**Name:** Vladyslav Shtabovenko
**Date:** 05/07/15-12:34:46 PM Z

  - **Next message:** [Vladyslav Shtabovenko: "Re: OneLoop Dimension
    D"](0893.html)
  - **Previous message:** [Vladyslav Shtabovenko: "Re: OneLoop gets
    different results with/without OneLoopSimplify"](0891.html)
  - **In reply to:** [Vladyslav Shtabovenko: "Re: OneLoop gets different
    results with/without OneLoopSimplify"](0891.html)
  - **Next in thread:** [Vladyslav Shtabovenko: "Re: OneLoop gets
    different results with/without OneLoopSimplify"](0897.html)

-----

Dear Manuel,  

in the meantime you can try to use the improved TID function (that
does  
tensor integral decompositions at 1-loop), that I've just commited to  
the repository. It still misses some convenience features but is  
hopefully quite stable.  

Please find the notebook with your integral attached.  

Since your integral has a vanishing Gram determinant, it is a bit
tricky  
to reduce, so that I included two ways of doing this.  

In the first case TID will first cancel scalar products of z in the  
numerator before doing the reduction. This greatly reduces the amount
of  
work needed to reduce the integral. The result that you get is
actually  
zero, since you have a difference of two B0 functions with the same  
arguments, as (-p1+p2)^2 = (-p1+p2-k)^2  

In the second case, cancelling of scalar products is turned off, so
that  
TID will have to reduce the full 4-point function of rank 4. This
takes  
some time and the result has to be given in terms of Dxxxx coefficient  
functions because of the vanishing Gram determinants. However, in this  
case it is easier to see that the integral actually vanishes because
of  
the kinematics of the external momenta. To make this more clear, we
can  
disable the expansion of scalar products in the final result (third  
command). Then you see all the Dxxxx functions multiplied by scalar  
products of the external momenta that vanish  
upon expansion.  

P.S. TID is also invoked by OneLoopSimplify, so you can that one as  
well, e.g. OneLoopSimplify[amp,z]  

Hope that helps.  

Cheers,  
Vladyslav  

Am 07.05.2015 um 01:59 schrieb Vladyslav Shtabovenko:  
*\> Dear Manuel,*  
*\>*  
*\> thanks for you patience. I'm investigating the issue.*  
*\>*  
*\> Cheers,*  
*\> Vladyslav*  
*\>*  
*\> Am 06.05.2015 um 14:38 schrieb manuel J.Vicente:*  
*\>\> Dear Vladyslav,*  
*\>\> thanks for your prompt answer. I've also found another problem
with OneLoop. It fails in the 8.2.0 and in today's nightly version.
Results from default options and OneLoopSimplify-\>True differ.*  
*\>\>*  
*\>\> Notice the first line: bb=k. It corresponds to an external
momentum. Changing its name to anything alphabetically after p (e.g.
bb=x) seems to solve the problem??*  
*\>\>*  
*\>\>
===================================================================*  
*\>\> <<FeynCalc\`*  
*\>\> bb = k;*  
*\>\> ScalarProduct[bb, p1] = 0; ScalarProduct[bb, bb] =
0;*  
*\>\> ScalarProduct[p1, p1] = m^2; ScalarProduct[p2, p2]
= m^2;*  
*\>\> ScalarProduct[p1, r] = 0; ScalarProduct[bb, r] =
0;*  
*\>\> ScalarProduct[bb, p2] = 0; ScalarProduct[r, p2] =
1;*  
*\>\> ScalarProduct[p1, p2] = 0;*  
*\>\>*  
*\>\> amp = SPD[r, z] SPD[bb, z] SPD[p2, z]
SPD[p1,*  
*\>\> z] FAD[{z, 0}, {p1 + bb - z, m}, {p2 - z, m}, {p1 - z,
m}];*  
*\>\>*  
*\>\> FI; OneLoop[z, amp] // PaVeReduce*  
*\>\>*  
*\>\> (-I/24)\*m^2\*Pi^2*  
*\>\>*  
*\>\> OneLoop[z, amp, OneLoopSimplify -\> True]*  
*\>\>*  
*\>\> 0*  
*\>\> ======================================*  
*\>\>*  
*\>\> best regards and thanks again\!*  
*\>\>*  
*\>\> M.J. Vicente*  
*\>\>*  
*\>*  

-----

  - application/mathematica attachment:
    [Manuel.nb](att-0892/01-Manuel.nb)

-----

  - **Next message:** [Vladyslav Shtabovenko: "Re: OneLoop Dimension
    D"](0893.html)
  - **Previous message:** [Vladyslav Shtabovenko: "Re: OneLoop gets
    different results with/without OneLoopSimplify"](0891.html)
  - **In reply to:** [Vladyslav Shtabovenko: "Re: OneLoop gets different
    results with/without OneLoopSimplify"](0891.html)
  - **Next in thread:** [Vladyslav Shtabovenko: "Re: OneLoop gets
    different results with/without OneLoopSimplify"](0897.html)

-----

