**Name:** Vladyslav Shtabovenko
**Date:** 05/08/15-11:29:22 PM Z

  - **Next message:** [Vladyslav Shtabovenko: "Re: OneLoop gets
    different results with/without OneLoopSimplify"](0897.html)
  - **Previous message:** [Samuel Wallon: "Re: Oneloop Bug? OneLoop on a
    combination of loop and non-loop terms"](0895.html)
  - **In reply to:** [Samuel Wallon: "Re: Oneloop Bug? OneLoop on a
    combination of loop and non-loop terms"](0895.html)
  - **Next in thread:** [Vladyslav Shtabovenko: "Re: Oneloop Bug?
    OneLoop on a combination of loop and non-loop terms"](0898.html)

-----

Dear Samuel,  

the corrections are all public, since we are an open source project:  

https://github.com/FeynCalc/feyncalc  

Mathematica 8 is still supported, the install instruction can be found
here:  

https://github.com/FeynCalc/feyncalc/wiki/Installation\#dev\_automatic\_installation  

Essentially you should just evaluate the command  

Import["<http://users.ph.tum.de/ga57tah/feyncalc/FeynCalcInstallNightly.m>"]  

in a Mathematica session to get the development version installed.  

If you want to generated diagrams using FeynArts, you shoud follow  

https://github.com/FeynCalc/feyncalc/wiki/FeynArts\#patching\_fa2  

Of course you should understand, that the development version is not
as  
stable as a normal release, but on the other hand, compared to
FeynCalc  
8.2 (which came out 3 years ago) it incorporates a lot of bugfixes and  
improvements.  

P.S. If you are familiar with git, I would suggest using  

https://github.com/FeynCalc/feyncalc/wiki/Installation\#dev\_manual\_installation\_with\_git\_on\_linux  

the advantage is that one can always update to the latest snapshot  
via "git pull origin master", although I don't know how many people  
use it this way.  

P.P.S I would also recommend looking around in our wiki  

https://github.com/FeynCalc/feyncalc/wiki  

this way you will get answers to many questions related to FeynCalc  

Cheers,  
Vladyslav  

Am 08.05.2015 um 15:33 schrieb Samuel Wallon:  
*\> Dear Vladyslav,*  
*\> I understand from the answers you provide to various questions that
many*  
*\> corrections have been made inside Feycalc.*  
*\> I have FeynCalc 8.2.0 installed in my computer, running with
mathematica*  
*\> 8 (on Linux). What should I do in practice to update my FeynCalc
8.2.0*  
*\> in order to have all the corrections which you have introduced?*  
*\>*  
*\> Thanks in advance*  
*\>*  
*\> Best*  
*\>*  
*\> S.Wallon*  
*\>*  
*\> =============================================================*  
*\>
[Samuel.Wallon_at_HIDDEN-E-MAIL]*  
*\>*  
*\> page web: <http://www.th.u-psud.fr/page_perso/Wallon/>*  
*\>*  
*\> Laboratoire de Physique Théorique*  
*\> Batiment 210, Université Paris XI, 91405 Orsay Cedex, France*  
*\> Tel.: 33 (0) 1 69 15 82 19*  
*\> Fax: 33 (0) 1 69 15 82 87*  
*\> &*  
*\> UPMC, Univ. Paris 06, faculté de physique,*  
*\> 4 place Jussieu, 75252 Paris Cedex 05, France*  
*\> =============================================================*  
*\>*  

-----

  - **Next message:** [Vladyslav Shtabovenko: "Re: OneLoop gets
    different results with/without OneLoopSimplify"](0897.html)
  - **Previous message:** [Samuel Wallon: "Re: Oneloop Bug? OneLoop on a
    combination of loop and non-loop terms"](0895.html)
  - **In reply to:** [Samuel Wallon: "Re: Oneloop Bug? OneLoop on a
    combination of loop and non-loop terms"](0895.html)
  - **Next in thread:** [Vladyslav Shtabovenko: "Re: Oneloop Bug?
    OneLoop on a combination of loop and non-loop terms"](0898.html)

-----

