**Name:** Vladyslav Shtabovenko
**Date:** 05/17/15-02:03:31 AM Z

  - **Next message:** [Vladyslav Shtabovenko: "Re: Oneloop Bug? OneLoop
    on a combination of loop and non-loop terms"](0898.html)
  - **Previous message:** [Vladyslav Shtabovenko: "Re: Oneloop Bug?
    OneLoop on a combination of loop and non-loop terms"](0896.html)
  - **In reply to:** [manuel J. Vicente: "Re: OneLoop gets different
    results with/without OneLoopSimplify"](0890.html)
  - **Next in thread:** [Vladyslav Shtabovenko: "Re: OneLoop gets
    different results with/without OneLoopSimplify"](0902.html)
  - **Reply:** [Vladyslav Shtabovenko: "Re: OneLoop gets different
    results with/without OneLoopSimplify"](0902.html)

-----

Dear Manuel,  

I found the reason for the problem. Effectively, it was because  
ScalarProductCancel was not cancelling a z^2 in the denominator  
which allowed it to slip into the tensor decomposition routine,  
where it lead to an additional factor of four in one of the terms.  

I improved SPC when working with sums of different integrals and added  
a cross-check in OneLoop to ensure that this would not happen again.  

\<https://github.com/FeynCalc/feyncalc/commit/4f1d8fd12f2ebe57215b39a69be38994b0f8a71d\>  

\<https://github.com/FeynCalc/feyncalc/commit/a96bb2028faf8841ddda9f1d6246f9a27d0814ee\>  

Now the result is zero in both cases you mentioned (see attachment).  

The changes are already in the nightly version.  

If you are curious, you can also see the explicit cancellation using  
the new option "UsePaVeBasis" in TID, which makes TID return output in  
terms of PaVe coefficient functions (well, some pieces are still
FAD's,  
but I'll improve on that soon)  

Those PaVe functions can then e.g. evaluated using H. Patel's
PackageX.  
Again, the integral gives 0.  

P.S. Note that PaVe functions of FeynCalc and Package X are actually  
differently normalized, but in this case it is just an overall
prefactor  
that I ignored.  

Cheers,  
Vladyslav  

Am 06.05.2015 um 14:38 schrieb manuel J.Vicente:  
*\> Dear Vladyslav,*  
*\> thanks for your prompt answer. I've also found another problem with
OneLoop. It fails in the 8.2.0 and in today's nightly version. Results
from default options and OneLoopSimplify-\>True differ.*  
*\>*  
*\> Notice the first line: bb=k. It corresponds to an external momentum.
Changing its name to anything alphabetically after p (e.g. bb=x) seems
to solve the problem??*  
*\>*  
*\>
===================================================================*  
*\> <<FeynCalc\`*  
*\> bb = k;*  
*\> ScalarProduct[bb, p1] = 0; ScalarProduct[bb, bb] =
0;*  
*\> ScalarProduct[p1, p1] = m^2; ScalarProduct[p2, p2] =
m^2;*  
*\> ScalarProduct[p1, r] = 0; ScalarProduct[bb, r] =
0;*  
*\> ScalarProduct[bb, p2] = 0; ScalarProduct[r, p2] =
1;*  
*\> ScalarProduct[p1, p2] = 0;*  
*\>*  
*\> amp = SPD[r, z] SPD[bb, z] SPD[p2, z]
SPD[p1,*  
*\> z] FAD[{z, 0}, {p1 + bb - z, m}, {p2 - z, m}, {p1 - z,
m}];*  
*\>*  
*\> FI; OneLoop[z, amp] // PaVeReduce*  
*\>*  
*\> (-I/24)\*m^2\*Pi^2*  
*\>*  
*\> OneLoop[z, amp, OneLoopSimplify -\> True]*  
*\>*  
*\> 0*  
*\> ======================================*  
*\>*  
*\> best regards and thanks again\!*  
*\>*  
*\> M.J. Vicente*  
*\>*  

-----

  - application/mathematica attachment:
    [Manuel2.nb](att-0897/01-Manuel2.nb)

-----

  - **Next message:** [Vladyslav Shtabovenko: "Re: Oneloop Bug? OneLoop
    on a combination of loop and non-loop terms"](0898.html)
  - **Previous message:** [Vladyslav Shtabovenko: "Re: Oneloop Bug?
    OneLoop on a combination of loop and non-loop terms"](0896.html)
  - **In reply to:** [manuel J. Vicente: "Re: OneLoop gets different
    results with/without OneLoopSimplify"](0890.html)
  - **Next in thread:** [Vladyslav Shtabovenko: "Re: OneLoop gets
    different results with/without OneLoopSimplify"](0902.html)
  - **Reply:** [Vladyslav Shtabovenko: "Re: OneLoop gets different
    results with/without OneLoopSimplify"](0902.html)

-----

