**Name:** Vladyslav Shtabovenko
**Date:** 07/28/15-05:00:25 PM Z

  - **Next message:** [Nikita Belyaev: "Re: Imaginary parts and Schouten
    identity"](0960.html)
  - **Previous message:** [Nikita Belyaev: "Re: Imaginary parts and
    Schouten identity"](0958.html)
  - **In reply to:** [Nikita Belyaev: "Re: Imaginary parts and Schouten
    identity"](0958.html)
  - **Next in thread:** [Nikita Belyaev: "Re: Imaginary parts and
    Schouten identity"](0960.html)

-----

Hi Nikita,  

I would be willing to check everything myself, if this would be a
purely  
FeynCalc-related issue, but with FeynCalcFormLink you are actually
using  
FeynCalc as a frontend for FORM. What I mean is that the trace  
calculation is done completely in FORM, while FeynCalcFormLink is just  
converting the input/output between FeynCalc and FORM notations.  

Since FORM is known to be very reliable on the Dirac algebra, I would
be  
very surprised if there is indeed a bug there.  

The attached file is the code for your calculation in FORM. You can
run  
it via  

form trace.frm  

and then there is no FeynCalc involved here anywhere. In the result  
there is no explicit I, because in FORM  

Tr[GA[i,j,k,l].GA[5]] = 4 Eps[i,j,k,l]  

So every term with an explicit e\_ is imaginary.  

You can also modify this code to check other traces that you computed
by  
hand. As I said, finding a Dirac trace related bug in FORM would be  
highly improbable.  

On the other hand, there are some parts of your expressions that make
we  
wonder. For example, some fermionic propagators come with a plus sign,  
like (GS[p1]+m). Is this intended? Also
(1+GA[5].GS[s]) looks a bit  
weird to me, since normally I would expect to see rather  
(1+GA[5]).GS[s]. If this is all correct this way, then
nevermind.  

Cheers,  
Vladyslav  

Am 28.07.2015 um 15:49 schrieb Nikita Belyaev:  
*\> Hi Vladyslav ,*  
*\>*  
*\>\> actually I have some doubts that your expression should have no*  
*\>\> imaginary part. At least, if I look at the pieces of the imaginary
\>part*  
*\>\> that are proportional to u^3:*  
*\>\>*  
*\>\> SelectNotFree[FCE[TrA2B2], Complex];*  
*\>\> u3Piece = SelectNotFree[%, u^3] // EpsEvaluate*  
*\>\>*  
*\>\> -512 I u^3 SP[p1, p2] LC[][k1, k2, p, s]
+*  
*\>\> 512 I u^3 SP[p, p2] LC[][k1, k2, p1, s]
-*  
*\>\> 512 I u^3 SP[p, p1] LC[][k1, k2, p2, s]
+*  
*\>\> 512 I u^3 SP[k1, p2] LC[][k2, p, p1, s]
-*  
*\>\> 512 I u^3 SP[k1, p] LC[][k2, p1, p2, s]*  
*\>\>*  
*\>\> Schouten[%]*  
*\>\>*  
*\>\> then it is clear that they do not vanish by the Schouten
identity.*  
*\>*  
*\> And this is exactly the thing we are worrying about. We've checked
by hand that expressions with u^3 are cancelled out and there is totally
no imaginary part (you also can check it by hand if you want, it isn't
long calculation).*  
*\>*  
*\> Moreover we can provide you additional example:*  
*\>*  
*\> Line29:=
(GS[p]-m).GA[\\[Beta]1].(GS[p]+GS[p1]+GS[p2]-m).GA[\\[Alpha]1].GS[k2].GA[\\[Alpha]].(1-GA[5]);*  
*\> Line30:=
GA[\\[Beta]].(GS[p2]-m).GA[\\[Beta]1].(GS[p1]+m);*  
*\> Line31:=
GS[k1].GA[\\[Alpha]1].(GS[q]-u).(1+GA[5].GS[s]).GA[\\[Beta]].(GS[q]-GS[p1]-GS[p2]-u).GA[\\[Alpha]].(1-GA[5]);*  
*\> Line32:=
(GS[p]+GS[p1]+GS[p2]-m).GA[\\[Beta]].(GS[p]-m).GA[\\[Alpha]1].GS[k2].GA[\\[Alpha]].(1-GA[5]);*  
*\> Line33:=
GA[\\[Beta]].(GS[p2]-m).GA[\\[Beta]1].(GS[p1]+m);*  
*\> Line34:=
GS[k1].GA[\\[Alpha]1].(GS[q]-GS[p1]-GS[p2]-u).GA[\\[Beta]1].(GS[q]-u).(1+GA[5].GS[s]).GA[\\[Alpha]].(1-GA[5]);*  
*\>*  
*\> We've calculated this term by hand and it also contains no imaginary
part while FeynCalc give us the same set of it in the output as in the
previous case.*  
*\>*  
*\> Best Regards,*  
*\> Nikita Belyaev*  
*\>*  

-----

  - application/vnd.ufdl attachment: [trace.frm](att-0959/01-trace.frm)

-----

  - **Next message:** [Nikita Belyaev: "Re: Imaginary parts and Schouten
    identity"](0960.html)
  - **Previous message:** [Nikita Belyaev: "Re: Imaginary parts and
    Schouten identity"](0958.html)
  - **In reply to:** [Nikita Belyaev: "Re: Imaginary parts and Schouten
    identity"](0958.html)
  - **Next in thread:** [Nikita Belyaev: "Re: Imaginary parts and
    Schouten identity"](0960.html)

-----

