**Name:** Vladyslav Shtabovenko
**Date:** 07/31/15-04:50:08 PM Z

  - **Next message:** [Gang Li: "(no subject)"](0964.html)
  - **Previous message:** [Nikita Belyaev: "Re: Imaginary parts and
    Schouten identity"](0962.html)
  - **In reply to:** [Nikita Belyaev: "Re: Imaginary parts and Schouten
    identity"](0962.html)
  - **Next in thread:** [Nikita Belyaev: "Re: Imaginary parts and
    Schouten identity"](0967.html)

-----

Hi Nikita,  

could you may be provide the results for Line13,14,15 and 16  
that you computed by hand?  

As far as I can see, each of this line's separately will have an  
imaginary part because of the presence of an odd number of gamma^5  
in each trace. So by just looking at these expressions I would expect  
the result to contain Levi-Civita tensors, although of course there  
might be physical reasons why this shouldn't be the case.  

Is it also clear that the u^3 terms cannot appear anywhere else? May
be  
by momentum conservation one can get additional q^2 terms elsewhere?  

Cheers,  
Vladyslav  

Am 31.07.2015 um 03:01 schrieb Nikita Belyaev:  
*\> Hi Vladyslav ,*  
*\>*  
*\>\> sorry for the late reply. I must also apologize because the FORM
code*  
*\>\> that I sent you was not correct.*  
*\> That's really bad news because we've already started celebration
:(*  
*\>*  
*\>\> Please find the corrected code attached.*  
*\>\> May be you could also check what happens if you compute just*  
*\>\> Line13\*Line14 or Line15\*Line16.*  
*\>\>*  
*\>\> Do those results agree with what you computed by hand?*  
*\> Totally not. Each term providing a half of FeynCalc's result (5
non-canceling terms with u^3 as before). The same story with other
traces which also had been validated to be real by hand.*  
*\>*  
*\> In the previous email you've also noticed that our traces contain
part like (1+GA[5].GS[s]) and (GS[p]+-m). It is
correct as far as the first expression has taking into account the
polarization of initial particle and the +- sign has related to particle
and antiparticle.*  
*\>*  
*\> Do you have any other ideas about what might be wrong? Because I'm
completely lost with that, everything should be correct.*  
*\>*  
*\> Best Regards,*  
*\> Nikita Belyaev*  
*\>*  

-----

  - **Next message:** [Gang Li: "(no subject)"](0964.html)
  - **Previous message:** [Nikita Belyaev: "Re: Imaginary parts and
    Schouten identity"](0962.html)
  - **In reply to:** [Nikita Belyaev: "Re: Imaginary parts and Schouten
    identity"](0962.html)
  - **Next in thread:** [Nikita Belyaev: "Re: Imaginary parts and
    Schouten identity"](0967.html)

-----

