**Name:** Vladyslav Shtabovenko
**Date:** 08/08/15-03:08:06 PM Z

  - **Next message:** [Nikita Belyaev: "Re: Imaginary parts and Schouten
    identity"](0969.html)
  - **Previous message:** [Nikita Belyaev: "Re: Imaginary parts and
    Schouten identity"](0967.html)
  - **In reply to:** [Nikita Belyaev: "Re: Imaginary parts and Schouten
    identity"](0967.html)
  - **Next in thread:** [Nikita Belyaev: "Re: Imaginary parts and
    Schouten identity"](0969.html)

-----

Hi Nikita,  

thanks for your example. I think that this way it is indeed much
simpler  
to nail down the problem.  

The case where A and B both represent just one Dirac matrix is  
of course a bit trivial, since here one gets traces over an odd number  
of gamma matrices which automatically vanish. Thus one gets zero on
both  
sides.  

The non-trivial case with 3 matrices is of course more interesting. I  
agree with you that FORM (see the code attached) can't show this  
equality out of the box.  

With FeynCalc only (i.e. without FORM)  

<<FeynCalc\`  
$West = False;  
r1 = DiracTrace[  
   GA[y1, y2, y3].GA[a].GS[k].GA[b].(1 -
GA[5])].DiracTrace[  
   GA[z1, z2, z3].GA[b].GS[p].GA[a].(1 -
GA[5])]  
r2 = (r1 /. DiracTrace -\> Tr) // Contract;  
r3 = 4\*Tr[GA[y1, y2, y3].GS[p].(1 -
GA[5])]\*  
   Tr[GA[z1, z2, z3].GS[k].(1 - GA[5])]
// Contract;  

(r2 - r3)//Schouten//Simplify  

I can simplify the difference to  

32 I (-LC[y3, z1, z2, z3] MT[y1, y2] SP[k, p]
+  
   LC[y2, z1, z2, z3] MT[y1, y3] SP[k, p] -  
   FV[p, z3] MT[y1, y3] LC[y2, z1,
z2][k] +  
   FV[p, z2] MT[y1, y3] LC[y2, z1,
z3][k] -  
   FV[p, z1] MT[y1, y3] LC[y2, z2,
z3][k] +  
   FV[p, z3] MT[y1, y2] LC[y3, z1,
z2][k] -  
   FV[p, z2] MT[y1, y2] LC[y3, z1,
z3][k] +  
   FV[p, z1] MT[y1, y2] LC[y3, z2, z3][  
     k] + (-FV[p, y3] MT[y1, y2] + FV[p, y2]
MT[y1, y3]) LC[z1, z2,  
      z3][k])  

This is, however, still non-vanishing.  

The only thing one can see is that the difference is antisymmetric in
y2  
and y3, so that contracting it with a tensor that is symmetric in
these  
two indices would make the whole thing vanish.  

Contract[((r2 - r3) // Schouten // Simplify) MT[y2, y3]]
// Schouten  

I think that before contacting FORM developers one should first try to  
understand what is so tricky about this relation.  

Could you may be provide me a reference for the occurence of your  
formula (obviously I'm not familiar with it)? I want to understand how  
the general proof goes and what are the steps that might cause
problems  
with computer codes.  

Does this relation hold only in 4 or also in D-dimensions (if yes, in  
what scheme, naive or t'Hooft Veltman?). If it is a purely 4D equality  
then I suppose that the proof might involve SPVAT  
(scalar,pseudoscalar,vector,axial vector, tensor) decomposition of A
and  
B. This might be a good starting point to investigate things.  

Cheers,  
Vladyslav  

Am 08.08.2015 um 02:25 schrieb Nikita Belyaev:  
*\> Dear Vladyslav,*  
*\>*  
*\> Sorry for such a late reply, we've been investigating the problem in
much more details.*  
*\>*  
*\> Looks like it is some kind of a general problem.*  
*\>*  
*\> The most illustrating example is the following.*  
*\> To calculate the multiplication of traces of gamma matrices we can
use one useful formula. Let's write it in the following way:*  
*\>*  
*\>
Tr[A.GA[a].GS[k].GA[b].(1-GA[5])].Tr[B.GA[b].GS[p].GA[a].(1-GA[5])]=4\*Tr[A.GS[p].(1-GA[5])]\*Tr[B.GS[k].(1-GA[5])],*  
*\>*  
*\> where A and B are any possible combinations of gamma matrices, p and
k - Feynman slashed 4-vectors.*  
*\> The proof of the general case can be founded in special literature,
but we've proved this formula for the cases when both A and B are sets
of three and one gamma matrices (for example,
A=GA[a].GA[b].GA[c] and A=GA[a]
respectively).*  
*\>*  
*\> We've checked this formula in FeynCalc and calculated the difference
between left and right part of this equation and we got zero answer for
the case when A and B contains only one gamma matrix.*  
*\> Then we've checked the same for the case when A and B are sets of
three gamma matrices. In this case we got the imaginary answer which
looks the same as the imaginary part in our previous trace calculation.
Real part was zero.*  
*\>*  
*\> According to our calculation of u^3 terms we also have done some
checks. Our initial general calculation, as you know, contains the
imaginary terms proportional to u^3.*  
*\> But when we simplified the related expressions by hand and reduced
the amount of gamma matrices by using few mathematical tricks the result
no longer contains the imaginary part.*  
*\> We can provide you a working example of that if you are going to
re-check this.*  
*\>*  
*\> So the problem should be hidden somewhere here, calculation of long
chain of gamma matrices causes this bug.*  
*\>*  
*\> Should we contact the FORM developers or you have some better
ideas?*  
*\>*  
*\> Best Regards,*  
*\> Nikita Belyaev*  
*\>*  

-----

  - application/vnd.ufdl attachment:
    [trace\_new2.frm](att-0968/01-trace_new2.frm)

-----

  - **Next message:** [Nikita Belyaev: "Re: Imaginary parts and Schouten
    identity"](0969.html)
  - **Previous message:** [Nikita Belyaev: "Re: Imaginary parts and
    Schouten identity"](0967.html)
  - **In reply to:** [Nikita Belyaev: "Re: Imaginary parts and Schouten
    identity"](0967.html)
  - **Next in thread:** [Nikita Belyaev: "Re: Imaginary parts and
    Schouten identity"](0969.html)

-----

