**Name:** Vladyslav Shtabovenko
**Date:** 08/09/15-07:52:33 PM Z

  - **Next message:** [Vladyslav Shtabovenko: "Re: four-divergence
    ^again\~"](0971.html)
  - **Previous message:** [Nikita Belyaev: "Re: Imaginary parts and
    Schouten identity"](0969.html)
  - **In reply to:** [Nikita Belyaev: "Re: Imaginary parts and Schouten
    identity"](0969.html)

-----

Hi Nikita,  

*\> The proof of this formula is much simpler. All you have to do is to
use the well-known formula for three Dirac matrices:*  
*\>*  
*\> GA[a].GA[b].GA[c]=MT[a,
b].GA[c]+MT[b, c].GA[a]-MT[a,
c].GA[b]-iGA[5].GA[d].Eps[d, a, b,
c];*  
*\>*  
*\> Just substitute it into both traces, multiply them, get 16 terms and
simplify all the things. You will get required answer which don't know
anything about the structure of A and B. So it is valid for any A and
B.*  

well, this identity is actually a special case of SPVAT (which,
however,  
is possible only in 4D):  

DiracReduce[GA[a, b, c]]  

\-\> I GA[$AL[$30]].GA[5] LC[a, b, c,
$AL[$30]] + GA[c] MT[a, b] -  
 GA[b] MT[a, c] + GA[a] MT[b, c]  

Anyway, I think that I understood what happens here. This seems to be  
related to the products of two epsilon tensors that appear in the
traces  
on the LHS. FeynCalc by default converts those to a sum of kronecker  
deltas, according to the standard formula  

Contract[LC[x1, x2, x3, x4] LC[y1, y2, y3,
y4]]  

However, in your case this makes expressions more complex than they  
actually are. If we avoid this contraction via  

<<FeynCalc\`  

$West = False;  

LHSp1 = DiracSimplify[  
   DiracReduce[GA[y1, y2,
y3]].GA[a].GS[k].GA[b].(1 -
GA[5]),  
   InsideDiracTrace -\> True] // Tr  

LHSp2 = DiracSimplify[  
   DiracReduce[GA[z1, z2,
z3]].GA[b].GS[p].GA[a].(1 -
GA[5]),  
   InsideDiracTrace -\> True] // Tr  

RHS = 4\*Tr[GA[y1, y2, y3].GS[p].(1 -
GA[5])]\*  
   Tr[GA[z1, z2, z3].GS[k].(1 - GA[5])]
// Contract  

then  

Contract[LHSp1\*LHSp2] - RHS  

returns zero. On the other hand, doing  

res1 = (Contract[LHSp1]\*Contract[LHSp2] - RHS) //
Contract // Schouten  

get us something that probably would require multiple application of  
Schouten's identity to simplify it to zero...  

So it seems like the main issue here is again Schouten's identity and  
our inability to automatize it's applications to ensure maximal  
simplification.  

If it is the same in FORM, then this is certainly not a bug of FORM,  
just inconvenience.  

Cheers,  
Vladyslav  

*\>*  
*\> Best Regards,*  
*\> Nikita Belyaev.*  
*\>*  

-----

  - **Next message:** [Vladyslav Shtabovenko: "Re: four-divergence
    ^again\~"](0971.html)
  - **Previous message:** [Nikita Belyaev: "Re: Imaginary parts and
    Schouten identity"](0969.html)
  - **In reply to:** [Nikita Belyaev: "Re: Imaginary parts and Schouten
    identity"](0969.html)

-----

