**Name:** Vladyslav Shtabovenko
**Date:** 09/16/15-12:44:42 AM Z

  - **Next message:** [Vladyslav Shtabovenko: "Re: A BUG in The Calc
    Function"](0985.html)
  - **Previous message:** [Rolf Mertig: "Re: A BUG in The Calc
    Function"](0983.html)
  - **In reply to:** [Rolf Mertig: "Re: A BUG in The Calc
    Function"](0983.html)
  - **Next in thread:** [Vladyslav Shtabovenko: "Re: A BUG in The Calc
    Function"](0985.html)
  - **Reply:** [Vladyslav Shtabovenko: "Re: A BUG in The Calc
    Function"](0985.html)

-----

Dear all,  

sorry for the late reply, at the moment I'm a bit busy finishing one  
important calculation.  

As Rolf wrote, Calc uses PowerSimplify which uses PowerExpand. The  
latter can either assume that everything is real (default behaviour)
or  
use general expansion formulas if the arguments might be complex
(which  
we have now). Unfortunately, in this case PowerExpand doesn't take  
$Assumptions into account.  

I think that the simplest solution would be to make Calc and  
PowerSimplify accept the Assumptions option which will be then passed
to  
PowerExpand. Then it will be up to the user to specify the
assumptions.  

As a workaround for now,  

Sqrt[x - 1] // Calc // Simplify  

returns the correct result, as Simplify always honors $Assumptions.  

I'll fix this soon.  

Cheers,  
Vladyslav  

Am 14.09.2015 um 10:58 schrieb Rolf Mertig:  
*\> This is due to me. Sorry.*  
*\>*  
*\> Somehwere internally PowerSimplify is used which assumes all
variables are real. Maybe this assumption is not correct in general, of
course. I mentioned this to Vladyslav and he will look into how to fix
this. Sorry, but I have no time right now.*  
*\>*  

-----

  - **Next message:** [Vladyslav Shtabovenko: "Re: A BUG in The Calc
    Function"](0985.html)
  - **Previous message:** [Rolf Mertig: "Re: A BUG in The Calc
    Function"](0983.html)
  - **In reply to:** [Rolf Mertig: "Re: A BUG in The Calc
    Function"](0983.html)
  - **Next in thread:** [Vladyslav Shtabovenko: "Re: A BUG in The Calc
    Function"](0985.html)
  - **Reply:** [Vladyslav Shtabovenko: "Re: A BUG in The Calc
    Function"](0985.html)

-----

