**Name:** Vladyslav Shtabovenko
**Date:** 09/19/15-10:01:32 PM Z

  - **Next message:** [Xing: "B1 and B11 do not reduce"](0986.html)
  - **Previous message:** [Vladyslav Shtabovenko: "Re: A BUG in The Calc
    Function"](0984.html)
  - **In reply to:** [Vladyslav Shtabovenko: "Re: A BUG in The Calc
    Function"](0984.html)

-----

The fix is now in the repository.  

Essentially one can now supply Assumptions as an option to Calc  
or PowerSimplify which will be then internally passed to PowerExpand  
inside PowerSimplify.  

Please check the Options section in  

https://reference.wolfram.com/language/ref/PowerExpand.html\#  

on using Assumptions with PowerExpand.  

The default value in FeynCalc is "True", which means that PowerExpand  
will not make any possibly wrong expansions.  

Therefore,  

Calc[Sqrt[x - 1],Assumptions-\>{x\>1}]  

returns the correct result. Please note that here the assumptions must  
be supplied this way, as PowerExpand doesn't use $Assumptions, e.g.  

$Assumptions = {x \< 0};  
PowerExpand[Sqrt[x^2]]  

still returns x, contrary to  

PowerExpand[Sqrt[x^2], Assumptions -\> x \< 0]  

that returns -x. This is standard Mathematica behavior.  

Furthermore, I've also added an option to disable PowerExpand  
altogether, via  

Calc[Sqrt[x - 1], PowerExpand-\>False]  

Cheers,  
Vladyslav  

Am 16.09.2015 um 00:44 schrieb Vladyslav Shtabovenko:  
*\> Dear all,*  
*\>*  
*\> sorry for the late reply, at the moment I'm a bit busy finishing
one*  
*\> important calculation.*  
*\>*  
*\> As Rolf wrote, Calc uses PowerSimplify which uses PowerExpand.
The*  
*\> latter can either assume that everything is real (default behaviour)
or*  
*\> use general expansion formulas if the arguments might be complex
(which*  
*\> we have now). Unfortunately, in this case PowerExpand doesn't
take*  
*\> $Assumptions into account.*  
*\>*  
*\> I think that the simplest solution would be to make Calc and*  
*\> PowerSimplify accept the Assumptions option which will be then
passed to*  
*\> PowerExpand. Then it will be up to the user to specify the
assumptions.*  
*\>*  
*\> As a workaround for now,*  
*\>*  
*\> Sqrt[x - 1] // Calc // Simplify*  
*\>*  
*\> returns the correct result, as Simplify always honors
$Assumptions.*  
*\>*  
*\> I'll fix this soon.*  
*\>*  
*\> Cheers,*  
*\> Vladyslav*  
*\>*  
*\>*  
*\>*  
*\> Am 14.09.2015 um 10:58 schrieb Rolf Mertig:*  
*\>\> This is due to me. Sorry.*  
*\>\>*  
*\>\> Somehwere internally PowerSimplify is used which assumes all
variables are real. Maybe this assumption is not correct in general, of
course. I mentioned this to Vladyslav and he will look into how to fix
this. Sorry, but I have no time right now.*  
*\>\>*  
*\>*  

-----

  - **Next message:** [Xing: "B1 and B11 do not reduce"](0986.html)
  - **Previous message:** [Vladyslav Shtabovenko: "Re: A BUG in The Calc
    Function"](0984.html)
  - **In reply to:** [Vladyslav Shtabovenko: "Re: A BUG in The Calc
    Function"](0984.html)

-----

