**Name:** Vladyslav Shtabovenko
**Date:** 11/04/15-06:58:32 PM Z

  - **Next message:** [Vladyslav Shtabovenko: "Re: How to deal with the
    Gamma5 in DiracTrace"](0998.html)
  - **Previous message:** [Xing: "Re: OneLoop without
    CancelQP"](0996.html)
  - **In reply to:** [Xing: "Re: OneLoop without CancelQP"](0996.html)

-----

Am 04.11.2015 um 18:45 schrieb Xing:  
*\> Hi Vladyslav,*  
*\> Thank you very much.*  
*\> But TID reduces everything into scalar integrals, which could be
sort of lengthy. I wonder if there is a function other than the "legacy"
OneLoop that can give tensor coefficients instead of scalar
integrals.*  

Of course. This is what the option UsePaVeBasis and the function
ToPaVe  
are for.  

In your example there is nothing to reduce, since the q1^2 term in the  
nominator can be knocked off by trivial partial fractioning. Hence,  
your result consists of only Passarino-Veltman \*scalar\* functions
(e.g.  
A0,B0,C0,D0) .  

If you want, you can convert the resulting scalar integrals to this
form  
explicitly:  

TID[SP[q1, q1] FAD[{q1, m1}, {q1 + kk1, m2}, {q1 + kk2,
m3}], q1] //  
 ToPaVe[\#, q1] &  

Now suppose that you would have a q1.q1^3 there. Then you need a
proper  
reduction. As you wrote, the reduction into scalar integrals is quite  
lengthy. With  

TID[SP[q1, q1]^3 FAD[{q1, m1}, {q1 + kk1, m2}, {q1 +
kk2, m3}], q1,  
  UsePaVeBasis -\> True] // ToPaVe[\#, q1] &  

you get the quick result entirely in terms of the PaVe coefficient  
functions.  

Notice that the result also contains some non-loop terms, because  
FeynCalc knows some relations between different PaVe functions (there  
are plenty of those described in papers by Denner and Dittmaier, see  
https://github.com/FeynCalc/feyncalc/wiki/Literature). You can
"disable"  
this "knowledge" by setting $LimitTo4 = False:  

$LimitTo4 = False  
TID[SP[q1, q1]^3 FAD[{q1, m1}, {q1 + kk1, m2}, {q1 +
kk2, m3}], q1,  
  UsePaVeBasis -\> True] // ToPaVe[\#, q1] &  

gives a very compact result.  

Cheers,  
Vladyslav  

*\>*  
*\> Cheers,*  
*\> Xing*  
*\>*  

-----

  - **Next message:** [Vladyslav Shtabovenko: "Re: How to deal with the
    Gamma5 in DiracTrace"](0998.html)
  - **Previous message:** [Xing: "Re: OneLoop without
    CancelQP"](0996.html)
  - **In reply to:** [Xing: "Re: OneLoop without CancelQP"](0996.html)

-----

