**Name:** Vladyslav Shtabovenko
**Date:** 11/05/15-03:01:01 PM Z

  - **Next message:** [Yangyongliang: "subscribe the email"](1000.html)
  - **Previous message:** [Vladyslav Shtabovenko: "Re: How to deal with
    the Gamma5 in DiracTrace"](0998.html)

-----

Dear FeynCalc users,  

with todays commit there is a serious change in the partial
fractioning  
capabilities of FeynCalc that I would like to communicate.  

Traditionally, partial fractioning (in the broad sense) in FeynCalc
was  
done by ScalarProductCancel and Apart2. The former would try to
rewrite  
scalar products in the numerator such, that they can be canceled
against  
propagators in the denominator.  
The latter would partial fraction denominators of type  
1/[(q^2-m1^2)(q^2-m2^2)].  

One has to admit that both functions where rather limited and slow, so  
that since some time I was looking for a proper replacement for them.  

In the last weeks I finally found some time to attack this problem
which  
resulted into adopting the partial fractioning algorithm of Feng Feng  
(arXiv:1204.2314). Since Feng Feng not only published  
the algorithm but also provided a Mathematica realisation of it  
(https://github.com/F-Feng/APart), it was an almost trivial task to  
reimplement this algorithm in FeynCalc. While Feng Feng's APart is a  
general purpose partial fractioning function for multivariate  
polynomials, the FeynCalc version of it works only with  
FeynAmpDenominator's and Pair's. Partial fractioning of single loop  
integrals is done by FCApart, while ApartFF is meant to be applied to  
general expressions that contain loop integrals.  

At this point I would like to stress that all the credits for this are  
really to Feng Feng who has shared his algorithm and the code with the  
physics community. For this reason, "ApartFF" stands for "Apart Feng  
Feng" to his honour.  

Anyhow, with ApartFF we now have a very powerful and fast partial  
fractioning routine that not only replaces both SPC and Apart2 but
also  
works an arbitrary number of loop momenta. To make sure that all the  
FeynCalc routines benefit from this, I replaced all the calls to SPC
or  
Apart2 by ApartFF. At the moment there are no FeynCalc functions  
that use SPC and only one that uses Apart2 (ToTFI). Also all the
options  
of type "SPC -\> True" or "Apart2-\>True" where replaced  
by "ApartFF -\> True". From now on SPC is considered to be deprecated.
I  
believe that there should be no user cases, where SPC is more useful  
than ApartFF, but for compatibility reasons the former will be of
course  
kept as part of FeynCalc.  

Apart from that, there also have been some changes to  
FeynAmpDenominatorSimplify at 1-loop. I tried to improve the  
identification of integrals that vanish by symmetry as well as the  
heuristics for determining useful shifts.  

Last but not least, we are now going to converge against a new stable  
release of FeynCalc, that should come out before the  
end of this year. Instead of implementing new features, I will  
concentrate on stabilizing and improving all the stuff that was
commited  
this year and of course on fixing bugs. All your bug reports are of  
course very welcome.  

Cheers,  
Vladyslav  

-----

  - **Next message:** [Yangyongliang: "subscribe the email"](1000.html)
  - **Previous message:** [Vladyslav Shtabovenko: "Re: How to deal with
    the Gamma5 in DiracTrace"](0998.html)

-----

