**Name:** Mikkel Bjoern
**Date:** 12/17/15-10:09:19 AM Z

  - **Next message:** [Vladyslav Shtabovenko: "Re: Bug with index
    names?"](1011.html)
  - **Previous message:** [Vladyslav Shtabovenko: "Re: Is there any way
    to change the default ordering in Mathematica together with
    FC9.0"](1009.html)
  - **Next in thread:** [Vladyslav Shtabovenko: "Re: Bug with index
    names?"](1011.html)
  - **Reply:** [Vladyslav Shtabovenko: "Re: Bug with index
    names?"](1011.html)

-----

I have a contraction of three traces, for which the result depends on my
naming of indices that are contracted out completely. I suspect the
issue is with two-character issues, but I am not sure. And now, of
course, I am unsure which result is right.  

The two expressions are:  
\-- code ---------------------------------  
Tmu1 =
c1\*Tr[GS[pm].GA[\\[Mu]].GA[\\[Nu]].GS[p].GA[\\[Nu]m].GA[\\[Mu]m]]
+  
   c2\*Tr[GS[pm].GA[\\[Mu]].GA[\\[Nu]].GS[p].GA[5].GA[\\[Nu]m].GA[\\[Mu]m]]  
Tmu2 =
c3\*Tr[GS[l1].GA[\\[Nu]].GS[l2].GA[\\[Nu]m]]
+  
  c4\*Tr[GS[l1].GA[\\[Nu]].GS[l2].GA[5].GA[\\[Nu]m]]  
Tmu3 =
c5\*Tr[GS[k1].GA[\\[Mu]].GS[k2].GA[\\[Mu]m]]
+  
  c6\*Tr[GS[k1].GA[\\[Mu]].GS[k2].GA[5].GA[\\[Mu]m]]  
Simplify[FCE[Contract[Tmu1.Tmu2.Tmu3]]]  
\------------------------------------------  

and the same, but where I exchange all "\\[Nu]m" with
"\\[Alpha]" - producing EXTRA TERMS in the final trace (that do
not simplify to zero, at least not according to Mathematica). Thus the
code is  

\--- code -------------------------------  
Tmu1 = c1\*  
   Tr[GS[pm].GA[\\[Mu]].GA[\\[Nu]].GS[p].GA[\\[Alpha]].GA[\\[Mu]m]]
+  
  c2\*Tr[GS[pm].GA[\\[Mu]].GA[\\[Nu]].GS[p].GA[5].GA[\\[Alpha]].GA[\\[Mu]m]]  
Tmu2 =
c3\*Tr[GS[l1].GA[\\[Nu]].GS[l2].GA[\\[Alpha]]]
+  
  c4\*Tr[GS[l1].GA[\\[Nu]].GS[l2].GA[5].GA[\\[Alpha]]]  
Tmu3 =
c5\*Tr[GS[k1].GA[\\[Mu]].GS[k2].GA[\\[Mu]m]]
+  
  c6\*Tr[GS[k1].GA[\\[Mu]].GS[k2].GA[5].GA[\\[Mu]m]]  
Simplify[FCE[Contract[Tmu1.Tmu2.Tmu3]]]  
\--------------------------------------------------  

Since I suspceted the two-character index might be an issue I tried
renaming all "\\[Nu]m"'s to "\\[Alpha]" and all
"\\[Mu]m"'s to "\\[Beta]" - for which THE RESULT AGREES
WITH THE ORIGINAL, that is, without the extra term.  

Does anyone have an idea what is going on? I guess it is some kind of
bug, since names of contracted indices should obviously now matter.  

However I am new to Feyncal and could be doing something wrong.  

Thank you\!  
Mikkel  

-----

  - **Next message:** [Vladyslav Shtabovenko: "Re: Bug with index
    names?"](1011.html)
  - **Previous message:** [Vladyslav Shtabovenko: "Re: Is there any way
    to change the default ordering in Mathematica together with
    FC9.0"](1009.html)
  - **Next in thread:** [Vladyslav Shtabovenko: "Re: Bug with index
    names?"](1011.html)
  - **Reply:** [Vladyslav Shtabovenko: "Re: Bug with index
    names?"](1011.html)

-----

