**Name:** Vladyslav Shtabovenko
**Date:** 02/17/16-05:21:10 PM Z

  - **Next message:** [wen-long sang: "Re: about Write2"](1027.html)
  - **Previous message:** [wen-long sang: "Re: about Write2"](1025.html)
  - **In reply to:** [wen-long sang: "Re: about Write2"](1025.html)
  - **Next in thread:** [wen-long sang: "Re: about Write2"](1027.html)

-----

Dear Wen-Long,  

I see. Sorry that I apparently overlooked the wrong results of the  
D-conversion.  

This is of course a bug, that I hopefully managed to fix. I also added  
a Precision option to Write2, for handling cases like 2/3, which gives
a  
repeating decimal so that one has to know where to cut it. There also  
was a problem with Mathematica 10, where Write refused to apply the  
custom format on expressions, although the same code works perfectly  
fine on versions 8 and 9.  

Anyhow, now the results look like this:  

Write2["sang.abc", abc = 0.6\*(-8 + 12 Log[5 +
y[1]]),  
  abc1 = 1/x^(2/3), FormatType -\> FortranForm, Precision -\> 10];  
Import["sang.abc", "Text"]  

  abc = 6.D-1\*(-8D0 + 1.2D1\*Log(5D0 + y(1D0)))  
        abc1 = x\*\*-6.666666667D-1  

Write2["sang.abc", abc = 0.6\*(-8 + 12 Log[5 +
y[1]]),  
  abc1 = 1/x^(2/3), FormatType -\> FortranForm, Precision -\> 3];  
Import["sang.abc", "Text"]  

 abc = 6.D-1\*(-8D0 + 1.2D1\*Log(5D0 + y(1D0)))  
 abc1 = x\*\*-6.67D-1  

Write2["sang.abc", abc = 0.6\*(-8 + 12 Log[5 +
y[1]]),  
 abc1 = 1/x^(2/3), FormatType -\> FortranForm,  
 FortranFormatDoublePrecision -\> False]  
Import["sang.abc", "Text"]  

 abc = 0.6\*(-8. + 12.\*Log(5. + y(1.)))  
 abc1 = x\*\*(-0.6666666666666666)  

For the moment I pushed the patch to the development branch:  

\<https://github.com/FeynCalc/feyncalc/commit/ea03857c4f8b7b38c9cd724d8f1f183a74f8b8b7\>  

that you can install via  

Import["https://raw.githubusercontent.com/FeynCalc/feyncalc/master/install.m"]  
InstallFeynCalc[InstallFeynCalcDevelopmentVersion -\> True]  

Please let me know, if this fixes your issues and if it introduces any  
new problems. If everything is ok, I will push it also to the stable
branch.  

Cheers,  
Vladyslav  

Am 17.02.2016 um 06:49 schrieb wen-long sang:  
*\> Dear Vladyslav,*  
*\>*  
*\> Thank you for your reply\! You are right, "D" corresponds to double
precision in fortran. Actually, I need a double precision expression in
fortran. However, abc = 0.6\*(-8 + 12 Log[5 + y[1]]) and
abc1 = 1/x^(2/3) will be translated to abc = 6.D-1\*(-8D0 +
12D1\*Log(5D0 + y(1D0))) and abc1 = x\*\*-6.666666666666666D0D-1, where
12 ==\> 12D1 (12D1=120), and -2/3 ==\> -6.666666666666666D0D-1 (fortran
may not understand D0D-1). So is this a bug?*  
*\>*  
*\> Best Regards*  
*\> Wen-Long*  
*\>*  

-----

  - **Next message:** [wen-long sang: "Re: about Write2"](1027.html)
  - **Previous message:** [wen-long sang: "Re: about Write2"](1025.html)
  - **In reply to:** [wen-long sang: "Re: about Write2"](1025.html)
  - **Next in thread:** [wen-long sang: "Re: about Write2"](1027.html)

-----

