**Name:** Vladyslav Shtabovenko
**Date:** 03/23/16-07:32:34 PM Z

  - **Next message:** [Xing-Bo Yuan: "Re: bug in patched FeynArts of
    FeynRuls 9.0.1?"](1036.html)
  - **Previous message:** [Xing-Bo Yuan: "bug in patched FeynArts of
    FeynRuls 9.0.1?"](1034.html)
  - **In reply to:** [Xing-Bo Yuan: "bug in patched FeynArts of FeynRuls
    9.0.1?"](1034.html)
  - **Next in thread:** [Xing-Bo Yuan: "Re: bug in patched FeynArts of
    FeynRuls 9.0.1?"](1036.html)

-----

Hi,  

the issue that you encounter in Case II is not really a bug. As  
described in the wiki  

https://github.com/FeynCalc/feyncalc/wiki/FeynArts\#fa\_plus\_fc  

there are functions (like FourVector or FeynAmpDenominator) that
appear  
both in FeynCalc in FeynArts but have completely different properties,  
so that it is not possible to use two packages as the same time
without  
risking problems.  

"Patching" of FeynArts just renames such functions by adding an "FA"
in  
front, so that now all the offending functions have different names
and  
no inconsistencies can occur. This way patched FeynArts can work with  
FeynCalc without any problems.  

However, if you want to use other packages that need FeynArts (like  
FeynRules or FormCalc), then of course you need unpatched FeynArts
(your  
case I, FeynArts loaded via \<\<FeynArts\`). The patched one has many  
important functions renamed, so that other packages cannot work
properly  
anymore.  

I would suggest that you use unpatched FeynArts + FeynRules on a  
separate Mathematica kernel, then save the results and load them into  
the FeynCalc session, where you can process them further.  

Cheers,  
Vladyslav  

Am 23.03.2016 um 17:18 schrieb Xing-Bo Yuan:  
*\> Hi Vladyslav,*  
*\>*  
*\> Today, I update FeynCalc in my computer. However, one problem is
encountered.*  
*\>*  
*\> I generate the SM model file from FeynRules. It can be used in
FeynArts, but not the patched FeynArts with FeynCalc. The details are
described below:*  
*\>*  
*\> My computer information:*  
*\> OS: Mac OS X 10.9.5*  
*\> MMA: 8.0.0.0*  
*\> FeynRules:2.3.19*  
*\>*  
*\> Case I:*  
*\> FeynCalc: 9.0.1*  
*\> FeynArts: 3.9*  
*\> The FeynCalc is installed by the automatic command in the FeynCalc
wiki. During the installation process, FeynArts is automatically
installed and patched.*  
*\>*  
*\> Case II:*  
*\> FeynArts: 3.9*  
*\> Just downloaded from FeynArts website.*  
*\>*  
*\>*  
*\> I generate the FeynArts model files “SM\_Unitary\_Gauge.mod” and
“SM\_Unitary\_Gauge.gen” in FeynRules with the default SM model file
SM.fr. Then, I load the model file in FeynArts using the command*  
*\>*  
*\> InitializeModel["SM\_Unitary\_Gauge", GenericModel -\>
"SM\_Unitary\_Gauge”]*  
*\>*  
*\> In case II, It’s OK. In case I, however, I get an error:*  
*\>*  
*\> TagSetDelayed::tagnf: "Tag FourVector not found in
-Overscript[mom\_, \_]^mu\_”.*  
*\>*  
*\>*  
*\> Maybe, the reason is that some codes of FeynArts are not correctly
patched in FeynRules 9.0.1. Could you please check if it is a bug? I
upload the relevant files in the link*  
*\>*  
*\>
https://www.dropbox.com/s/u4w19pwpdnv4cjq/debug\_FeynRules\_9.0.1.zip?dl=0*  
*\>*  
*\> Thank you for your time.*  
*\>*  
*\>*  
*\> Best Regards,*  
*\> Xing-Bo Yuan*  
*\>*  

-----

  - **Next message:** [Xing-Bo Yuan: "Re: bug in patched FeynArts of
    FeynRuls 9.0.1?"](1036.html)
  - **Previous message:** [Xing-Bo Yuan: "bug in patched FeynArts of
    FeynRuls 9.0.1?"](1034.html)
  - **In reply to:** [Xing-Bo Yuan: "bug in patched FeynArts of FeynRuls
    9.0.1?"](1034.html)
  - **Next in thread:** [Xing-Bo Yuan: "Re: bug in patched FeynArts of
    FeynRuls 9.0.1?"](1036.html)

-----

