**Name:** James
**Date:** 05/11/16-01:50:57 AM Z

  - **Next message:** [Vladyslav Shtabovenko: "Re: Tacer in FeynCalc
    mathematica 10.4 mac os"](1070.html)
  - **Previous message:** [Yan: "Re: Tacer in FeynCalc mathematica 10.4
    mac os"](1068.html)
  - **Next in thread:** [Vladyslav Shtabovenko: "Re: ToTFI with momentum
    in numertor"](1071.html)
  - **Reply:** [Vladyslav Shtabovenko: "Re: ToTFI with momentum in
    numertor"](1071.html)

-----

Hello,  

I am trying to use FeynArts -\> FeynCalc -\> Tarcer to compute some
2-loop self  
energy integrals. However, I find that the ToTFI function won't deal
with terms in  
the numerator which contain an internal loop momentum. I see this when
trying to  
convert complicated FeynArts output, and I can reproduce the problem
with a  
simple example, which I copy below.  

\-------------------  

dm[mu\_] := DiracMatrix[mu, Dimension -\> 4]  
dm[5] := DiracMatrix[5]  
ds[p\_] := DiracSlash[p]  
SetOptions[DiracSlash, Dimension -\> 4, FeynCalcInternal -\>
True];  

num := C dm[mu].(ds[k] -
M).dm[mu].(ds[k] - ds[q] - M).  
   dm[nu].(ds[q] - M).dm[nu]  
amp := FeynAmpDenominator[PropagatorDenominator[k - p, M],  
    PropagatorDenominator[k, mw], PropagatorDenominator[k -
q, M],  
    PropagatorDenominator[q, M], PropagatorDenominator[q -
p, mw]] //  
   Contract // FCI  

tfiamp := ToTFI[DiracSimplify[num SPC[amp, k, q]],
k, q, p]  
tfiamp  

\-----------------------  

The output I get is half made up of nice integrals terms like F and V
and so on, but  
the rest is basically just the original input, for all the terms which
contain an internal  
momentum (slashed) in the numerator. Is there something I am
fundamentally  
doing wrong with the input? I am unsure because the ToTFI instructions
don't have  
an example where there is a dot product of internal momentum and a gamma
matrix  
like this in the numerator. If I can find the problem in this example
then it should  
help with also converting the FeynArts output.  

Thanks,  
James  

-----

  - **Next message:** [Vladyslav Shtabovenko: "Re: Tacer in FeynCalc
    mathematica 10.4 mac os"](1070.html)
  - **Previous message:** [Yan: "Re: Tacer in FeynCalc mathematica 10.4
    mac os"](1068.html)
  - **Next in thread:** [Vladyslav Shtabovenko: "Re: ToTFI with momentum
    in numertor"](1071.html)
  - **Reply:** [Vladyslav Shtabovenko: "Re: ToTFI with momentum in
    numertor"](1071.html)

-----

