**Name:** Vladyslav Shtabovenko
**Date:** 05/11/16-10:37:54 AM Z

  - **Next message:** [Yan: "Re: Tacer in FeynCalc mathematica 10.4 mac
    os"](1072.html)
  - **Previous message:** [Vladyslav Shtabovenko: "Re: Tacer in FeynCalc
    mathematica 10.4 mac os"](1070.html)
  - **In reply to:** [James: "ToTFI with momentum in
    numertor"](1069.html)

-----

Hi James,  

tools that do IBP reduction usually deal only with scalar integrals.
So  
you need to do tensor reduction first.  

num = C GA[mu].(GS[k] - M).GA[mu].(GS[k]
- GS[q] - M).GA[  
    nu].(GS[q] - M).GA[nu]  
amp = FAD[{k - p, M}, {k, mw}, {k - q, M}, {q, M}, {-p + q,
mw}]  
fullamp = (num amp) // DiracSimplify // FCMultiLoopTID[\#, {k,
q}] & //  
    DiracSimplify;  

tfiamp = fullamp // ToTFI[\#, k, q, p] & //
ChangeDimension[\#, 4] &;  
tfiamp2 = TarcerRecurse[tfiamp]  

Since you want to use 4-dim Dirac algebra I must warn you that this is  
where one has to be very careful. Tensor reduction needs to work with  
D-dim integrals, so things like  

g^mu l\_mu (...),  

where g is 4dim and l is a loop momentum get uncontracted and l is  
"upgraded" to D-dimensions. After the reduction the tensor integral  

l\_mu (...) is purely D-dimensional and it is the task of the user to  
convert the appearing external momenta back to 4-dimensions.  

Furthermore, for 4-dim+D-dim algebra only t'Hooft Veltman scheme is  
supported. Dimensional reduction is NOT supported.  

Cheers,  
Vladyslav  

Am 11.05.2016 um 01:50 schrieb James:  
*\> Hello,*  
*\>*  
*\> I am trying to use FeynArts -\> FeynCalc -\> Tarcer to compute some
2-loop self*  
*\> energy integrals. However, I find that the ToTFI function won't deal
with terms in*  
*\> the numerator which contain an internal loop momentum. I see this
when trying to*  
*\> convert complicated FeynArts output, and I can reproduce the problem
with a*  
*\> simple example, which I copy below.*  
*\>*  
*\>*  
*\> -------------------*  
*\>*  
*\> dm[mu\_] := DiracMatrix[mu, Dimension -\> 4]*  
*\> dm[5] := DiracMatrix[5]*  
*\> ds[p\_] := DiracSlash[p]*  
*\> SetOptions[DiracSlash, Dimension -\> 4, FeynCalcInternal -\>
True];*  
*\>*  
*\> num := C dm[mu].(ds[k] -
M).dm[mu].(ds[k] - ds[q] - M).*  
*\> dm[nu].(ds[q] - M).dm[nu]*  
*\> amp := FeynAmpDenominator[PropagatorDenominator[k - p,
M],*  
*\> PropagatorDenominator[k, mw], PropagatorDenominator[k -
q, M],*  
*\> PropagatorDenominator[q, M], PropagatorDenominator[q -
p, mw]] //*  
*\> Contract // FCI*  
*\>*  
*\>*  
*\> tfiamp := ToTFI[DiracSimplify[num SPC[amp, k,
q]], k, q, p]*  
*\> tfiamp*  
*\>*  
*\> -----------------------*  
*\>*  
*\>*  
*\> The output I get is half made up of nice integrals terms like F and
V and so on, but*  
*\> the rest is basically just the original input, for all the terms
which contain an internal*  
*\> momentum (slashed) in the numerator. Is there something I am
fundamentally*  
*\> doing wrong with the input? I am unsure because the ToTFI
instructions don't have*  
*\> an example where there is a dot product of internal momentum and a
gamma matrix*  
*\> like this in the numerator. If I can find the problem in this
example then it should*  
*\> help with also converting the FeynArts output.*  
*\>*  
*\>*  
*\> Thanks,*  
*\> James*  
*\>*  

-----

  - **Next message:** [Yan: "Re: Tacer in FeynCalc mathematica 10.4 mac
    os"](1072.html)
  - **Previous message:** [Vladyslav Shtabovenko: "Re: Tacer in FeynCalc
    mathematica 10.4 mac os"](1070.html)
  - **In reply to:** [James: "ToTFI with momentum in
    numertor"](1069.html)

-----

