**Name:** Vladyslav Shtabovenko
**Date:** 07/04/16-12:30:25 AM Z

  - **Next message:** [xiaowu: "About ApartFF"](1098.html)
  - **Previous message:** [Vladyslav Shtabovenko: "Re: About
    ApartFF"](1096.html)
  - **In reply to:** [Francesco: "Re: Implementing four-fermions
    operators on FeynRules and FeynArts"](1094.html)
  - **Next in thread:** [Francsco: "Re: Implementing four-fermions
    operators on FeynRules and FeynArts"](1100.html)

-----

Hi Francesco,  

I'm afraid that if you need to work with 4-fermion vertices  
where all particles are identical, there is no silver bullet to  
avoid the mess.  

Whatever you do, at some point you will have to get your hands dirty.  
However, if there are really just 6 tree-level diagrams, I wonder if
it  
would not be simpler to stick to the explicit 4-fermion operators (as  
you tried at the beginning) and then determine the correct relative  
signs by hand. By that I mean writing down the Dyson-Schwinger series  
and applying Wick's theorem (c.f. Peskin, chapter 4.7) or use the path  
integral approach (depending on your taste). At least this is probably  
something I would do in this case.  

For a more automatic solution one might start looking at  

\<https://github.com/djukanovic/qct\>  

in order to automatize Wick contractions, but this might take more
time  
than just doing the sign determination by pen and paper. At the end it  
all depends on how much time one is willing to spend on that.  

Cheers,  
Vladyslav  

frankly speaking, I'm not very familiar with the method of  
using heavy particles to avoid 4-fermion vertices.  

Am 03.07.2016 um 13:43 schrieb Francesco:  
*\> Hi Vladyslav,*  
*\> Do you know if there is a simple way to restore the couplings of the
effective theory with 4-fermions operators?*  
*\> I mean, If I use an auxiliary field, I get a propagator (even if I
would like to have a constant propagator ) then I have to correct
manually each "auxiliary" propagator and also the factors of 2 coming
from the matching… and also the correct sign for each propagator… and
try to express the amplitude in terms of the coupling of the effective
theory. Then, the probability to make a mistake is very high.*  
*\>*  
*\> if you want to have a look, here
https://www.dropbox.com/sh/hm77oyedcb3p055/AABzBlEPZvcPjAstjoclCR3ya?dl=0
you find the model and my notebook that is totally a mess.*  
*\>*  
*\> Thank you,*  
*\> Francesco*  
*\>*  

-----

  - **Next message:** [xiaowu: "About ApartFF"](1098.html)
  - **Previous message:** [Vladyslav Shtabovenko: "Re: About
    ApartFF"](1096.html)
  - **In reply to:** [Francesco: "Re: Implementing four-fermions
    operators on FeynRules and FeynArts"](1094.html)
  - **Next in thread:** [Francsco: "Re: Implementing four-fermions
    operators on FeynRules and FeynArts"](1100.html)

-----

