**Name:** Vladyslav Shtabovenko
**Date:** 10/14/16-04:35:04 PM Z

  - **Next message:** [Sam: "Re: assign Lorentz indices to arbitrary
    matrix"](1116.html)
  - **Previous message:** [Vladyslav Shtabovenko: "Re: assign Lorentz
    indices to arbitrary matrix"](1114.html)
  - **Maybe in reply to:** [zwhuang: "Problem on DiracTrace and
    TR"](0195.html)

-----

Hi,  

after 12 years here is the resolution:  

What goes wrong in this calculation is that you use 4-dim Dirac matrices
(GA) to write down the trace.  
So the trace in t remains unevaluated and gets converted to D-dims when
OneLoop is executed. The trace  
in s, however, has already been computed by TR in 4-dims (which is
inconsistent for a D-dim loop integral in DR), so the output you get
from evaluating s with OneLoop is not correct.  

The lesson to learn from here is that one should \*never\* mix D-dim and
4-dim quantities when working  
with purely D-dim amplitudes. When you want to write D-dim Dirac
matrices use GAD and GSD instead of GA and GS. Otherwise things like
this happen.  

And here is the correct code:  

ex = I ((el^2)/(16 Pi^4 (1 - D)))FAD[{q, mf}, {q - k, mf}]
DiracTrace[(mf + GS[q - k]).GA[i].(mf +
GS[q]).GA[i]]  

t = ChangeDimension[ex, D]  
s = ChangeDimension[ex, D] /. DiracTrace -\> TR  

r1 = OneLoop[q, t]  
r2 = OneLoop[q, s]  
(r1 - r2) // Simplify // PaVeReduce  

which returns 0 as it should.  

P.S. I guess it might be better to redesign the Dimension option in TID
and OneLoop and make them abort the calculation when someone tries to
compute things like TID[GS[q].GS[p]
FAD[{q,m1},{q+p,m2}],q] ...  

Cheers  
Vladyslav  

*\> Hi,*  
*\>*  
*\> I have some questions about DiracTrace & TR functions. Here "t" and
"s" are only different in*  
*\> the trace function DiracTrace or TR. By using OneLoop, I suppose the
result "rst1-rst2" should*  
*\> be zero, but the output is not.*  
*\>*  
*\>
(\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*)*  
*\> \\\!\\(t = I\\ \\(el\\^2\\/\\(16\\ \\(Pi\\^4\\) \\((*  
*\> 1 - D)\\)\\)\\) FAD[{q, mf}, {q - k, mf}]
DiracTrace[\\((mf + GS[q -*  
*\> k])\\) . GA[¦Ì] . \\((mf + GS[q])\\) .*  
*\> GA[¦Ì]]\\ // \\ FCI\\[IndentingNewLine]*  
*\> s = I\\ \\(el\\^2\\/\\(16\\ \\(Pi\\^4\\) \\((1 - D)\\)\\)\\)
FAD[{q,*  
*\> mf}, {q - k, mf}] TR[\\((mf + GS[q - k])\\) .
GA[¦Ì] . \\((mf +*  
*\> GS[q])\\) . GA[¦Ì]]\\ // \\ FCI\\)*  
*\> OneLoop[q, t]*  
*\> rst1 = FullSimplify[%]*  
*\> OneLoop[q, s]*  
*\> rst2 = FullSimplify[%]*  
*\> rst1 - rst2 // Simplify*  
*\>
(\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*)*  
*\>*  
*\> The attachment is the full file (Trace.nb) with outputs.*  
*\>*  
*\> Anther question is about the option "TraceOfOne". FeynCalc sets
"TraceOfOne-\>4" in both*  
*\> DiracTrace & TR functions in the usual cases. What I want to know is
wether I should*  
*\> set "TraceOfOne-\>D" when I do some calculations in D-dimension.*  
*\>*  
*\> Best regards,*  
*\>*  
*\> Zhiwei Huang,*  
*\> Wuhan University, PRC*  

-----

  - **Next message:** [Sam: "Re: assign Lorentz indices to arbitrary
    matrix"](1116.html)
  - **Previous message:** [Vladyslav Shtabovenko: "Re: assign Lorentz
    indices to arbitrary matrix"](1114.html)
  - **Maybe in reply to:** [zwhuang: "Problem on DiracTrace and
    TR"](0195.html)

-----

