**Name:** Vladyslav Shtabovenko
**Date:** 10/17/16-01:02:42 AM Z

  - **Next message:** [Vladyslav Shtabovenko: "Re: The Tr is terriblely
    slow in FC6.0"](1118.html)
  - **Previous message:** [Sam: "Re: assign Lorentz indices to arbitrary
    matrix"](1116.html)

-----

Dear FeynCalc users,  

in the last weeks I spent quite some time to refactor DiracTrace and  
DiracTrick making trace computation in different schemes more
consistent  
and a bit faster.  
DiracSimplify has not been optimized yet, but I'm looking into it. I  
would like to ask you to test the new changes (via the development  
version) and report bugs or inconsistencies. In general, now there are
a  
lot of cross checks to ensure the consistency of the calculation and  
some of them might be too restrictive leading to false positives.  

Also there is an important change in TID. From now on, it will not  
accept input with mixed dimensions like FV[q, mu] FVD[q,
nu] FAD[{q,  
m}], unless you are using BMHV scheme for gamma5, where such
objects  
indeed can occur. Until now, TID would silently apply ChangeDimension
to  
convert such input into fully D-dimensional objects.  

However, the point is that in dim reg you really should use  
D-dimensional amplitudes, unless the t'Hooft-Veltman scheme is used,  
where the mixture of objects in 4, D and D-4 dimensions is
unavoidable.  
The permissive behavior of TID turned out to be a source of errors
like  
here  

<[1115.html](1115.html)>  

that really should not happen. So please use FVD, GAD, GSD and SPD to  
input your D-dim amplitudes.  

Cheers,  
Vladyslav  

-----

  - **Next message:** [Vladyslav Shtabovenko: "Re: The Tr is terriblely
    slow in FC6.0"](1118.html)
  - **Previous message:** [Sam: "Re: assign Lorentz indices to arbitrary
    matrix"](1116.html)

-----

