**Name:** Vladyslav Shtabovenko
**Date:** 11/22/16-12:14:24 PM Z

  - **Next message:** [Jong-Wan Lee: "OneLoop calculation from FeynCalc
    on Mathematica 11"](1126.html)
  - **Previous message:** [Vladyslav Shtabovenko: "Announcement:
    FeynCalc 9.2 released\!"](1124.html)

-----

Announcement: FeynHelpers 1.0 released\!  

Dear FeynCalc users,  

I'm very happy to announce that my FeynCalc add-on "FeynHelpers"  
is now official. It is an interface that seamlessly integrates  
the library of analytic results for scalar 1-loop integrals with up  
to 4 legs from Package-X (packagex.hepforge.org) and the IBP-reduction  
engine of FIRE (bitbucket.org/feynmanIntegrals/fire) into FeynCalc.  

FeynHelpers makes it very simple to obtain fully analytic results for  
1-loop amplitudes, while you can still work in the familiar FeynCalc  
environment. Furthermore, one can use IBP-techniques when working with  
multi-loop amplitudes in a much more convenient way.  

The accompanying preprint that also serves as a manual (at least for
now)  
is available here:  

https://arxiv.org/abs/1611.06793  

The installation is very easy. If you have an older version of
FeynCalc  
installed,  
you need to update to version 9.2 first:  

Import["https://raw.githubusercontent.com/FeynCalc/feyncalc/master/install.m"]  
InstallFeynCalc[]  

Then in the same session you evaluate  

Import["https://raw.githubusercontent.com/FeynCalc/feynhelpers/master/install.m"]  
InstallFeynHelpers[]  

and after restarting the kernel FeynHelpers is ready to use  

$LoadAddOns={"FeynHelpers"}  
\<\<FeynCalc\`  

The examples described in the preprint are bundled as Mathematica  
notebooks with  
the source files of the document:  

https://arxiv.org/e-print/1611.06793v1  

However, they are also shipped with FeynHelpers as .m files under  
FeynCalc/AddOns/FeynHelpers/Examples,  
see also
\<https://github.com/FeynCalc/feynhelpers/tree/master/Examples\>  

Please notice that the QED renormalization example and the QCD/NRQCD  
vertex matching example require  
custom FeynArts models created with FeynRules. To run those examples
you  
need to first install  
FeynRules from  

<http://feynrules.irmp.ucl.ac.be/>  

and run the .m files  

FeynCalc/Examples/FeynRules/QED/GenerateModelQED.m  
FeynCalc/Examples/FeynRules/QCDBGF/GenerateModelQCDBGF.m  

they will automatically create FeynArts models and copy them to  
FeynCalc/FeynArts/Models.  

The code of the interface is available here  

https://github.com/FeynCalc/feynhelpers  

As in case of FeynCalc, there are two branches:  

\* stable for releases and bugfixes  
\* master for not development and not so well tested new features  

When you install with InstallFeynHelpers[] you get the stable
version.  
To obtain the  
development version, use  
InstallFeynHelpers[InstallFeynHelpersDevelopmentVersion -\>
True]  

You can post questions regarding FeynHelpers on this mailing list.  

Have fun\!  

Cheers,  
Vladyslav  

-----

  - **Next message:** [Jong-Wan Lee: "OneLoop calculation from FeynCalc
    on Mathematica 11"](1126.html)
  - **Previous message:** [Vladyslav Shtabovenko: "Announcement:
    FeynCalc 9.2 released\!"](1124.html)

-----

