**Name:** Jongping Hsu
**Date:** 11/25/16-07:35:47 AM Z

  - **Next message:** [Vladyslav Shtabovenko: "Re: OneLoop calculation
    from FeynCalc on Mathematica 11"](1128.html)
  - **Previous message:** [Jong-Wan Lee: "OneLoop calculation from
    FeynCalc on Mathematica 11"](1126.html)
  - **Next in thread:** [Vladyslav Shtabovenko: "Re: qcd beta
    function?,etc"](1129.html)
  - **Reply:** [Vladyslav Shtabovenko: "Re: qcd beta
    function?,etc"](1129.html)

-----

Dear Rolf and Vladyslav:  
Thank you very much for your help.  
Rolf has done works on qcd, could you please tell me whether there is a
program related to the calculation of beta function or asymptotic
freedom or third order vertex corrections (of pure gluons, without
fermions)? If you have one, could you please send it to us for
reference?  
Vladyslav's answer regarding the relation between -p^2 Co and Bo for
asymptotic property (or UV divergence) is interesting and puzzling. I
have some related questions:  

(1)Are there relations between p^4 Do(0,p^2,0,p^2,p^2,p^2,0,0,0,0) and
Bo, and between  
p^4 Do(0,0,p^2,p^2,0,p^2,0,0,0,0) and Bo for asymptotic property? If
yes, please let me know.  

(2)These relations are very intriguing. If one is interested in
asymptotic freedom, one just calculate the UV divergent terms, which
show up in Bo in the OneLoop calculations. One can do subtraction at
finite p^2 to avoid IR divergence. Since Co is not a UV divergent
integral(although it may have IR divergence), one does not expect it to
contribute to the UV divergent amplitudes. So, why p^2 Co contribute to
the asymptotic freedom in the OneLoopSimplify[...] and
OneLoop[...]?  

(3)How to avoid the error warning:".....FC Split: Error\! Splitting 0
w,r,t, {PaVe, DenPaVe, Ao,........Co,Do} failed\!"? I tried to introduce
an artificial mass for massless gluon, it does not seem to work. This
problem suddenly happened today and all calculations are aborted. JP  

HSU Jongping,  
Chancellor Professor  
Department of Physics  
Univ. of Massachusetts Dartmouth,  
North Dartmouth, MA 02747. FAX (508)999-9115  
<http://www.umassd.edu/engineering/phy/people/facultyandstaff/jong-pinghsu/>  
recent monograph: Space-Time Symmetry and Quantum Yang–Mills Gravity
(https://sites.google.com/site/yangmillsgravity123/)  

-----

  - **Next message:** [Vladyslav Shtabovenko: "Re: OneLoop calculation
    from FeynCalc on Mathematica 11"](1128.html)
  - **Previous message:** [Jong-Wan Lee: "OneLoop calculation from
    FeynCalc on Mathematica 11"](1126.html)
  - **Next in thread:** [Vladyslav Shtabovenko: "Re: qcd beta
    function?,etc"](1129.html)
  - **Reply:** [Vladyslav Shtabovenko: "Re: qcd beta
    function?,etc"](1129.html)

-----

