**Name:** Vladyslav Shtabovenko
**Date:** 11/27/16-08:29:03 PM Z

  - **Next message:** [Jong-Wan Lee: "Re: OneLoop calculation from
    FeynCalc on Mathematica 11"](1130.html)
  - **Previous message:** [Vladyslav Shtabovenko: "Re: OneLoop
    calculation from FeynCalc on Mathematica 11"](1128.html)
  - **In reply to:** [Jongping Hsu: "qcd beta function?,etc"](1127.html)

-----

Dear Jongping,  

Am 25.11.2016 um 07:35 schrieb Jongping Hsu:  
*\> Dear Rolf and Vladyslav:*  
*\> Thank you very much for your help.*  
*\> Rolf has done works on qcd, could you please tell me whether there
is a*  
*\> program related to the calculation of beta function or asymptotic*  
*\> freedom or third order vertex corrections (of pure gluons,
without*  
*\> fermions)? If you have one, could you please send it to us for
reference?*  

I don't have such a program now, but with FeynRules and FeynHelpers  
(arXiv:1611.06793) it should be quite easy to do. For my FeynHelpers  
paper I included an example code for the full 1-loop renormalization
of  
QED in MS, MSbar and On-Shell schemes (including evaluation of the  
vertices as a consistency check). For this I needed less than a week,  
with most of the time spent on checking intermediate results with the  
literature and chasing some bugs in the code. The QCD case should be  
only minimally more involved and my QED code can be used as a
template.  
It is just that I currently don't have time to do it myself: I'm  
planning to graduate in Spring and need to work on the remaining
papers  
to come out, the thesis and of course my applications for a post doc  
position.  

If you have a student to assign the task to, he/she should not need
too  
much time for that. Chapter 4.5 of Boehm, Denner, Joos "Gauge Theories  
of Strong and Electroweak Interaction" (for the QCD Lagrangian with  
counter-terms) as well as Table 11.1 (for the renormalization
constants)  
in George Sterman's "Introduction to QFT" can serve as a good
reference  
to check the final results.  

Actually, you can even avoid dealing with the vertices if you use QCD
in  
the background field gauge (following Abbott, 1981). Then the  
calculation becomes very much QED-like. I actually added that model
and  
a simple example  
(FeynCalc/Examples/FeynRules/QCDBGF/PureYMSelfEnergyInQCDBGFAtOneLoop.m)  
to FC 9.2. See the instruction  
in [1125.html](1125.html) to get the code running.  

*\>\> (2)These relations are very intriguing. If one is interested in*  
*\>\> asymptotic freedom, one just calculate the UV divergent terms,
which*  
*\>\> show up in Bo in the OneLoop calculations. One can do subtraction
at*  
*\>\> finite p^2 to avoid IR divergence. Since Co is not a UV
divergent*  
*\>\> integral(although it may have IR divergence), one does not expect
it to*  
*\>\> contribute to the UV divergent amplitudes. So, why p^2 Co
contribute to*  
*\>\> the asymptotic freedom in the OneLoopSimplify[...] and
OneLoop[...]?*  

I don't think that there is anything special happening here.
Dimensional  
regularization was originally designed in such a way that one can  
regulate UV and IR singularities with the same regulator.  
This means that usually one doesn't really have to worry, what is UV
and  
what is IR and the answer still comes out right. Even though in the  
example we are talking about the C0 is IR-divergent, the 1/Epsilon
pole  
that appears in the final result is still UV divergent. There is no  
magic involved here. It is just that if you \*do\* want to  
distinguish between IR and UV, then you need to use different
regulators  
for that and keep in mind that logarithmically  
divergent scaleless integrals like d^D q / q^4 are not zero, but
rather  
proportional to 1/Epsilon\_UV - 1/Epsilon\_IR. I have a short summary
on  
how to do this in FeynCalc 9.2 in my recent paper (arXiv:1611.06793),  
end of section 4.2. However, the technique by itself is of course not  
my invention. It is often used in effective field theory calculations,  
see e.g. the famous NRQCD paper of Manohar, hep-ph/9701294 Sec. IV.  

So, if you are interested in the gory details: Actually, in the ghost  
triangle calculation there is a scaleless B0(0,0,0) function that is  
normally set to zero in DR. However, if you distinguish between IR and  
UV, then it is of course not zero and the IR-piece of the integral  
precisely cancels the IR pole of the C0 function, while the UV pole  
contributes to the final results, such that at the end the tensor  
structure of the 1/Epsilon\_UV pole comes out as it should and no IR
pole  
appears. The only thing is that for such investigations you should use  
TID and not OneLoop. Furthermore, you need to install my addon  
FeynHelpers, which is also descried in the above mentioned paper.  

*\> Vladyslav's answer regarding the relation between -p^2 Co and Bo
for*  
*\> asymptotic property (or UV divergence) is interesting and puzzling.
I*  
*\> have some related questions:*  
*\>*  
*\> (1)Are there relations between p^4 Do(0,p^2,0,p^2,p^2,p^2,0,0,0,0)
and*  
*\> Bo, and between*  
*\> p^4 Do(0,0,p^2,p^2,0,p^2,0,0,0,0) and Bo for asymptotic property?
If*  
*\> yes, please let me know.*  
*\>*  

Yes, essentially  

Do(0,p^2,0,p^2,p^2,p^2,0,0,0,0) -\> (D-6)(D-3) B0(p^2,0,0)/p^4  

Do(0,0,p^2,p^2,0,p^2,0,0,0,0) -\> (D-4)(D-3) B0(p^2,0,0)/(2 p^4)  

Such relations are very easy to obtain with automatic tools like FIRE
by  
A. Smirnov, see the attached notebook.  
Before you ask about the poles. Actually it is the same thing as with  
the vertex: The pole of D0 is an IR pole, but the pole B0 is a UV
pole.  
However, if one does the IBP reduction by hand, one sees that there  
are log divegent terms B0(0,0,0) popping up, that are put to zero by  
automatic IBP tools like FIRE. If one keeps them, then  
again there will be a cancellation such that the UV pole of B0(0,0,0)  
cancels the UV pole of B0(p^2,0,0) while the IR pole of B0(0,0,0)  
survives in the final result.  

At the end, everything comes out consistently in DR, as it should. It
is  
nice that one can trace where IR and UV poles go  
(at least at 1-loop), but this is not really necessary in real life  
calculations, provided that the calculation itself is  
correct. This is why in most cases people don't really care.  

*\>*  
*\> (3)How to avoid the error warning:".....FC Split: Error\! Splitting
0*  
*\> w,r,t, {PaVe, DenPaVe, Ao,........Co,Do} failed\!"? I tried to
introduce*  
*\> an artificial mass for massless gluon, it does not seem to work.
This*  
*\> problem suddenly happened today and all calculations are aborted.
JP*  

Looks like a bug that gets detected in the right moment. FeynCalc is  
very strict on bugs, so if it sees that something is going wrong, the  
rule is that it is better to stop immediately than to return a wrong
result.  

Could you please send me a minimal working example to reproduce the
problem?  

Cheers,  
Vladyslav  

*\>*  
*\> HSU Jongping,*  
*\> Chancellor Professor*  
*\> Department of Physics*  
*\> Univ. of Massachusetts Dartmouth,*  
*\> North Dartmouth, MA 02747. FAX (508)999-9115*  
*\>
<http://www.umassd.edu/engineering/phy/people/facultyandstaff/jong-pinghsu/>*  
*\> recent monograph: Space-Time Symmetry and Quantum Yang–Mills
Gravity*  
*\> (https://sites.google.com/site/yangmillsgravity123/)*  
*\>*  

-----

  - application/mathematica attachment:
    [01-GhostTriangle3short.nb](att-1129/01-01-GhostTriangle3short.nb)

-----

  - application/mathematica attachment: [D0IBP.nb](att-1129/02-D0IBP.nb)

-----

  - **Next message:** [Jong-Wan Lee: "Re: OneLoop calculation from
    FeynCalc on Mathematica 11"](1130.html)
  - **Previous message:** [Vladyslav Shtabovenko: "Re: OneLoop
    calculation from FeynCalc on Mathematica 11"](1128.html)
  - **In reply to:** [Jongping Hsu: "qcd beta function?,etc"](1127.html)

-----

