**Name:** Vladyslav Shtabovenko
**Date:** 12/09/16-03:24:00 PM Z

  - **Next message:** [Vladyslav Shtabovenko: "Re: OneLoopSimplify
    trouble"](1135.html)
  - **Previous message:** [Natthawin Cho: "How to simplify result with
    Passarino-Veltman integrals."](1133.html)
  - **In reply to:** [Natthawin Cho: "How to simplify result with
    Passarino-Veltman integrals."](1133.html)

-----

If you say that something does not work but do not provide any code to  
reproduce the problem, there is no way I (or someone else) can help
you.  
This rule applies to any software, not just FeynCalc.  

The approach to the evaluation of PaVe depends very much on the  
calculation. There are calculations with some many relevant
kinematical  
parameters (masses and momenta) that the full symbolic result would be  
too huge to make any sense of it, so one should use numerical
packages.  
If there are only few parameters involved and the integrals are rather  
simple, one could press on for the symbolic evaluation. Again, as I
have  
no clue what you are doing, I can't tell you what is the best strategy  
to proceed.  

Cheers,  
Vladyslav  

Am 09.12.2016 um 15:02 schrieb Natthawin Cho:  
*\> I tried your suggestion already and it works.*  
*\>*  
*\> However, the result contains a lot of Passarino-Veltman
integrals.*  
*\>*  
*\> I found the definition of these integral in the manual but the terms
with indices other than zero are quite complicate.*  
*\>*  
*\> I found that we can extract these integrals by Write2 function.*  
*\>*  
*\> However, I get nothing from this function. How to solve this
problem?*  
*\>*  
*\> Another question is are there any way to get the analytic expression
directly from OneLoop result? or I have to calculate Passarino-Veltman
integrals term by term.*  
*\>*  
*\> Thanks.*  
*\>*  

-----

  - **Next message:** [Vladyslav Shtabovenko: "Re: OneLoopSimplify
    trouble"](1135.html)
  - **Previous message:** [Natthawin Cho: "How to simplify result with
    Passarino-Veltman integrals."](1133.html)
  - **In reply to:** [Natthawin Cho: "How to simplify result with
    Passarino-Veltman integrals."](1133.html)

-----

