**Name:** Vladyslav Shtabovenko
**Date:** 12/19/16-03:36:27 PM Z

  - **Next message:** [Vladyslav Shtabovenko: "Re: Possible bug in
    OneLoop"](1150.html)
  - **Previous message:** [Vladyslav Shtabovenko: "Re: Re: Bug for
    replacing in GS[p] and SPD[k, p]?"](1148.html)
  - **Maybe in reply to:** [Sascha T.: "Additional Bug to \#4 in OneLoop
    or PaVeReduce?"](0500.html)

-----

More than 8 years have passed and this question remained unanswered. Oh
well...  

So the point here is that at the end OneLoop converts momenta and metric
tensors to 4 dimensions, which is fine if is the very final stage of the
calculation, butof course not fine if the output of OneLoop will be
reused for further calculations in DR.  

In particular, in your example contracting the 4-dim output of OneLoop
(containing 4-dim metric tensors) with D-dimensional metric tensor gives
you 4s instead of Ds, which is the source of the discrepancy. If you pay
attention to that, you will get the correct result  

LoopFunc =  
 FVD[q, \\[Mu]] FVD[  
   q, \\[Nu]] FAD[{q, Subscript[m, 0]}, {q +
Subscript[p, 1],  
    Subscript[m, 1]}]  
test1 = OneLoop[q, Contract[MTD[\\[Mu],
\\[Nu]] LoopFunc],  
   OneLoopSimplify -\> False] // ChangeDimension[\#, D] &  
test2 = Contract[  
  MTD[\\[Mu], \\[Nu]] ChangeDimension[  
    OneLoop[q, LoopFunc, OneLoopSimplify -\> False],
D]]  
diff = PaVeReduce[(test1 - test2)]  

gives 0.  

This actually prompts me to introduce strict dimension checking in
Contract (like I did in TID), as unless you use the BMHV scheme, there
is no way you will be contracting two metric tensors with different
dimensions.  

So it was a good question, pity that it didn't get answered earlier.  

Cheers,  
Vladyslav  

*\> Hello,*  
*\>*  
*\> I tried to find a general expression for a tensor integral using*  
*\> Feyncalc. To test the result, I performed an especially easy*  
*\> contraction where one can calculate the result by hand.
Unfortunately*  
*\> I reproduced the result only up to an additional summand of 1/2.*  
*\>*  
*\> I then tried to find where I made a mistake. Finally I figured
out*  
*\> that there is obviously a problem with Feyncalc. Maybe it is
related*  
*\> to Bug \#4, but it is somehow different.*  
*\>*  
*\> Using the following mathematica code, the problem becomes obvious*  
*\> already in this very simple case:*  
*\>*  
*\> LoopFunc =*  
*\> FVD[q, \\[Mu]] FVD[q, \\[Nu]]*  
*\> FAD[{q, Subscript[m, 0]}, {q + Subscript[p, 1],
Subscript[m, 1]}]*  
*\>*  
*\> test1 =*  
*\> OneLoop[q,*  
*\> Contract[MTD[\\[Mu], \\[Nu]] LoopFunc
,*  
*\> OneLoopSimplify -\> False] ]*  
*\>*  
*\> test2 = Contract[*  
*\> MTD[\\[Mu], \\[Nu]] OneLoop[q,
LoopFunc,*  
*\> OneLoopSimplify -\> False] ]*  
*\>*  
*\> diff = PaVeReduce[(test1 - test2)]*  
*\>*  
*\> Can you please comment on this. Maybe it is already known. Or you
can*  
*\> advice me, what I should not do using these functions since I do
not*  
*\> know why this problem occurs.*  
*\>*  
*\> best regards,*  
*\> Sascha*  

-----

  - **Next message:** [Vladyslav Shtabovenko: "Re: Possible bug in
    OneLoop"](1150.html)
  - **Previous message:** [Vladyslav Shtabovenko: "Re: Re: Bug for
    replacing in GS[p] and SPD[k, p]?"](1148.html)
  - **Maybe in reply to:** [Sascha T.: "Additional Bug to \#4 in OneLoop
    or PaVeReduce?"](0500.html)

-----

