**Name:** Jongping Hsu
**Date:** 12/21/16-02:27:00 AM Z

  - **Next message:** [Michael Park: "Difficult clearing arguments to
    PaVe functions"](1154.html)
  - **Previous message:** [Michael Park: "Thanks\!"](1152.html)
  - **In reply to:** [Vladyslav Shtabovenko: "Re: Possible bug in
    OneLoop"](1150.html)
  - **Next in thread:** [Vladyslav Shtabovenko: "Re:
    F\_0(0,0,p^2,....)?"](1156.html)
  - **Reply:** [Vladyslav Shtabovenko: "Re:
    F\_0(0,0,p^2,....)?"](1156.html)

-----

Hi,Vladyslav,  
What is the relation between  
p^4 F\_0(0,0,p^2,0,0,p^2,0,p^2,p^2,0,p^2,p^2,p^2,p^2,p^2,0,0,0,0,0,0)and
B\_0(p^2,0,0)?  
Thanks. JP  

HSU Jongping,  
Chancellor Professor  
Department of Physics  
Univ. of Massachusetts Dartmouth,  
North Dartmouth, MA 02747. FAX (508)999-9115  
<http://www.umassd.edu/engineering/phy/people/facultyandstaff/jong-pinghsu/>  
recent monograph: Space-Time Symmetry and Quantum Yang–Mills Gravity
(https://sites.google.com/site/yangmillsgravity123/)  

\----- Original Message -----  

From: "Vladyslav Shtabovenko"
\<[noreply_at_HIDDEN-E-MAIL]\>  
To:
[feyncalc_at_HIDDEN-E-MAIL]  
Sent: Monday, December 19, 2016 10:05:46 AM  
Subject: Re: Possible bug in OneLoop  

Dear both,  

with the current stable version the issue does not apper anymore.  
This  

S1 = OneLoop[k,  
FVD[k, \\[Mu]] SPD[k, p] SPD[  
k] FAD[{k + p - q, mw}, {k + p + q, mw}, {k, my}]];  
S2 = OneLoop[k,  
FVD[k, \\[Mu]] SPD[k, p] SPD[  
k] FAD[{k + p - q, mw}, {k + p + q, mw}, {k, mu}]];  
NewM = S1 - S2;  
Simplify[PaVeReduce[NewM /. mu -\> my]]  

gives zero, as well as  

ampy = SP[k] SP[k, p] FourVector[k,  
a] FAD[{k + p - q, mw}, {k + p + q, mw}, {k, my}] // FCI
//  
ChangeDimension[\#, D] &  
ty = PaVeReduce[OneLoop[k, ampy]];  
ampy1 = FDS[ampy];  
ty1 = PaVeReduce[OneLoop[k, ampy1]];  
ty - ty1  

and  

T1 = OneLoop[k,  
FVD[k, a] SPD[k, p] SPD[  
k] FAD[{k, my}, {k + p - q, mw}, {k + p + q, mw}],  
DenominatorOrder -\> False];  
T2 = OneLoop[k,  
FVD[k, a] SPD[k, p] SPD[  
k] FAD[{k, my}, {k + p - q, mw}, {k + p + q, mw}],  
DenominatorOrder -\> True];  
Simplify[PaVeReduce[T1 - T2]]  

I will nevertheless add your examples to our testsuite.  

Cheers,  
Vladyslav  

*\> I don't have an answer to your question. Howver, I agree*  
*\> that there is a bug, or at least a terrible inconsistency, in how*  
*\> OneLoop handles this kind of UV divergent integral. This concerns
me*  
*\> because I've been using FeynCalc to manipulate some integrals
whose*  
*\> sum is finite, but with individual terms that are UV divergent.*  
*\>*  
*\> In fact, one does not have to rename the mass variable to reveal a
problem.*  
*\> The answer depends on the order of the propagators.*  
*\>*  
*\> ==========================*  
*\>*  
*\> SetOptions[OneLoop,Prefactor-\>1/(I Pi^2)];*  
*\>*  
*\> First we define, as you did:*  
*\>*  
*\> ampy = SP[k] SP[k,p] FourVector[k,a]
FAD[{k+p-q,mw},{k+p+q,mw},{k,my}]//FCI;*  
*\>*  
*\> k^2 k.p k[a]*  
*\> ampy = ----------------------------------------------------------*  
*\> ((k + p - q)^2 - mw^2) ((k + p + q)^2 - mw^2) (k^2 - my^2)*  
*\>*  
*\> The one loop integral is:*  
*\>*  
*\> ty = PaVeReduce[OneLoop[k,ampy]];*  
*\>*  
*\> Now instead put it in standard order using
FeynAmpDenominatorSimplify:*  
*\>*  
*\> ampy1 = FDS[ampy];*  
*\>*  
*\> k^2 k.p k[a]*  
*\> ampy1 =
----------------------------------------------------------*  
*\> (k^2 - my^2) ((k + p - q)^2 - mw^2) ((k + p + q)^2 - mw^2)*  
*\>*  
*\> ty1 = PaVeReduce[OneLoop[k,ampy1]];*  
*\>*  
*\> ty is not equal to ty1. The difference, after simplifying
B0[0,m0,m1] is*  
*\>*  
*\> -(2 mw^2 + 4 my^2 - p^2 - q^2 - 2 p.q) (p[a] +
q[a])*  
*\> ty-ty1 = ----------------------------------------------------*  
*\> 48*  
*\>*  
*\> If we now change the mass my -\> mu, and so define ampu =
ampy/.my-\>mu,*  
*\> and ampu1 = ampy1/.my-\>mu, then the analogous tu and tu1 ARE in
fact*  
*\> equal. However, as you discovered, tu does not equal ty*  
*\> (after replacing mu-\>my), with the difference being*  
*\>*  
*\> (3 mw^2 - 2 q^2) q[a]*  
*\> tu-ty = ---------------------*  
*\> 6*  
*\>*  
*\> Going back to the ampy amplitude, if we apply ScalarProductCancel we
find*  
*\> (equivalent to regrouping k^2 -\> k^2-my^2 + my^2 and cancelling
propagators):*  
*\>*  
*\> SPC[ampy]*  
*\>*  
*\> k.p k[a]*  
*\> = --------------------------------------------- +*  
*\> ((k + p - q)^2 - mw^2) ((k + p + q)^2 - mw^2)*  
*\>*  
*\> my^2 k.p k[a]*  
*\> ----------------------------------------------------------*  
*\> ((k + p + q)^2 - mw^2) (k^2 - my^2) ((k + p - q)^2 - mw^2)*  
*\>*  
*\> Here the one loop integral gives the same result as the standard
ordered*  
*\> result ty1. Interestingly, evaluating the one loop integral of
SPC[ampu]*  
*\> also gives the SAME result as ty1 (after replacing mu-\>my). That
this*  
*\> should happen is clear from the form of the amplitude above, since
the*  
*\> first term is independent of my^2, and the second is explicitly*  
*\> multiplied by my^2. So I suspect that this form gives the
"correct"*  
*\> answer (or perhaps the "preferred" answer).*  

-----

  - **Next message:** [Michael Park: "Difficult clearing arguments to
    PaVe functions"](1154.html)
  - **Previous message:** [Michael Park: "Thanks\!"](1152.html)
  - **In reply to:** [Vladyslav Shtabovenko: "Re: Possible bug in
    OneLoop"](1150.html)
  - **Next in thread:** [Vladyslav Shtabovenko: "Re:
    F\_0(0,0,p^2,....)?"](1156.html)
  - **Reply:** [Vladyslav Shtabovenko: "Re:
    F\_0(0,0,p^2,....)?"](1156.html)

-----

