**Name:** Xiu-Lei Ren
**Date:** 12/25/16-10:51:08 AM Z

  - **Next message:** [Vladyslav Shtabovenko: "Re: Maybe a error at
    OneLoop"](1159.html)
  - **Previous message:** [Vladyslav Shtabovenko: "Re: Infinite
    Tadpoles"](1157.html)
  - **Maybe in reply to:** [Vladyslav Shtabovenko: "Re: Question about
    TID in FC9.2.0"](1166.html)
  - **Next in thread:** [Vladyslav Shtabovenko: "Re: Question about TID
    in FC9.2.0"](1160.html)
  - **Reply:** [Vladyslav Shtabovenko: "Re: Question about TID in
    FC9.2.0"](1160.html)

-----

Dear Vladyslav,  

Thank you very much for your quick reply. It helps a lot.  

However, when i try to obtain the analytic expressions of triangle
diagram mentioned in the previous email, I also encountered two
questions about PaXDiLog.  

In order to avoid unexpected results when performing Dimension -\> 4, I
use the recommended FeynHelper--Package-X.  

When I do this, the treatment of pave coefficient C0 is necessary.  
In my case, (I am handling the two-nucleon scattering with two-pion
exchange.  
mN, mpi deonte as nucleon and pion masses, p4 is the momentum of
outgoing nucleon, q is the transfer momentum between two nucleons.)  

XC0 = C0[p4^2, q^2, (p4+q)^2, mN^2, mpi^2, mpi^2]  

should be replaced by using  

XC0Re = PaXEvaluate[XC0, PaXC0Expand -\> True]//Normal  

Apparently, the output is lengthy with conditions.  

Then, perform the 1/mN expansion,  

Series[XC0Re, {mN, infty, 0}]//Normal  

The result always contains Li2 functions (PaXDiLog).  

1\) How one can transfer PaXDiLog to PolyLog?  

Furthermore, when I do the numerical evaluation for checking,  
I also find another problem about PaXDiLog.  

2\) e.g. PaXDiLog[Complex[-1,-6],-0.2], it cannot give a
numerical value.  

Could you kindly let me know how to handle these problem?  

Merry Christmas and happy new year.  

Cheers,  
Xiu-Lei  

-----

  - **Next message:** [Vladyslav Shtabovenko: "Re: Maybe a error at
    OneLoop"](1159.html)
  - **Previous message:** [Vladyslav Shtabovenko: "Re: Infinite
    Tadpoles"](1157.html)
  - **Maybe in reply to:** [Vladyslav Shtabovenko: "Re: Question about
    TID in FC9.2.0"](1166.html)
  - **Next in thread:** [Vladyslav Shtabovenko: "Re: Question about TID
    in FC9.2.0"](1160.html)
  - **Reply:** [Vladyslav Shtabovenko: "Re: Question about TID in
    FC9.2.0"](1160.html)

-----

