**Name:** Vladyslav Shtabovenko
**Date:** 12/26/16-09:41:43 PM Z

  - **Next message:** [Jongping Hsu: "Re: Question about
    Subscript[E, 0](0,0,Overscript[p,
    \_]^2,0,Overscript[p, \_]^2,0,Overscript[p,
    \_]^2,Overscript[p, \_]^2,Overscript[p,
    \_]^2,Overscript[p, \_]^2,0,0,0,0,0)"](1167.html)
  - **Previous message:** [Vladyslav Shtabovenko: "Re: Question about
    Subscript[E, 0](0,0,Overscript[p,
    \_]^2,0,Overscript[p, \_]^2,0,Overscript[p,
    \_]^2,Overscript[p, \_]^2,Overscript[p,
    \_]^2,Overscript[p, \_]^2,0,0,0,0,0)"](1165.html)
  - **Maybe in reply to:** [Xiu-Lei Ren: "Question about TID in
    FC9.2.0"](1141.html)
  - **Next in thread:** [Xiu-Lei Ren: "Re: Re: Question about TID in
    FC9.2.0"](1158.html)
  - **Maybe reply:** [Xiu-Lei Ren: "Re: Re: Question about TID in
    FC9.2.0"](1158.html)
  - **Maybe reply:** [Xiu-Lei Ren: "Re: Re: Question about TID in
    FC9.2.0"](1168.html)

-----

Dear Xiu-Lei,  

Am 26.12.2016 um 19:02 schrieb Xiu-Lei Ren:  
*\> Dear Vladyslav,*  
*\>*  
*\> Thanks. As your suggestion, I have updated Package-X to the latest
version (2.0.3).*  
*\>*  
*\> Before reply the last email, I want to report a bug when converting
the PaVe coefficient function from Feyncalc to Package-X.*  
*\>*  
*\> Take A0(mN^2) for example:*  
*\>*  
*\> $LoadAddOns = {"FeynHelpers"};*  
*\> <<FeynCalc\`*  
*\> PaXEvaluate[A0[mN^2]] // Expand // Simplify*  
*\>*  
*\> The output is not right, '-Log(\\pi)' should be 'Log(4\\pi)'.*  
*\>*  
*\> It seems that the substitution (Eq.(6) in arXiv:1611.06793)*  
*\> \\frac{1}{\\epsilon} -\> \\frac{1}{\\epsilon} - \\gamma\_E +
\\log(4\*\\pi)*  
*\> works as*  
*\> \\frac{1}{\\epsilon} -\> \\frac{1}{\\epsilon} - \\gamma\_E -
\\log(\\pi)*  
*\>*  

Careful, A0(m^2) is not d^D/(2Pi)^D 1/(q^2-m^2). Did you have a  
look at the Table 1 in arXiv:1611.06793 (apart from the obvious typo
with m1 instead of m2)?  

Log[4\*Pi] appears when you compute d^D/(2Pi)^D 1/(q^2-m^2)  

PaXEvaluate[FAD[{q, mN}], q, PaXImplicitPrefactor -\> 1/(2
Pi)^D] //  
  Expand // Simplify  

which, when translated to A0 via  

ToPaVe[1/(2 Pi)^D FAD[{q, mN}], q]  

reads  

I 2^-D \\[Pi]^(2 - D) A0[mN^2]  

In the A0 alone (using the normalization according to A. Denner's work
which is standard in  
FeynCalc, LoopTools etc.) you get only Log[Pi] so the conversion
is correct.  

*\> Then,*  
*\> 1. At before, I peform the 1/mN expansion after PaXEvaluate. As you
noticed that, there have some suspicous terms. Then, I perform the
numerical evaluation, it will produce the weird terms*  
*\> such as, PaXDiLog[Complex[-1,-6],-0.2].*  
*\>*  
*\> SPD[p4, p4] = mN^2;*  
*\> XC0 = C0[SPD[p4], SPD[q], SPD[p4 + q],
mN^2, mpi^2, mpi^2] //*  
*\> ExpandScalarProduct;*  
*\> XC0Re00 = PaXEvaluate[XC0, PaXC0Expand -\> True] //
Normal;*  
*\> Series[XC0Re00, {mN, \\[Infinity], 0}] // Normal //
Simplify*  
*\> %/.{mN -\> 0.94, mpi -\> 0.14, SPD[p4, q] -\> 0.03,
SPD[q] -\> 0.04}*  

Actually, now that I had a closer look, I think that Package-X should be
able to handle PolyLogs with complex arguments. At least the numerical
evaluation works:  

SPD[p4, p4] = mN^2;  
XC0 = C0[SPD[p4], SPD[q], SPD[p4 + q], mN^2,
mpi^2, mpi^2];  
XC0Re00 =  
  PaXEvaluate[XC0, PaXC0Expand -\> True, FCVerbose -\> 0] //
Normal;  

XC0Re01 =  
  Series[XC0Re00, {mN, \\[Infinity], 0}] // Normal //
Simplify;  
XC0Re01 /. {mN -\> 0.94, mpi -\> 0.14, SPD[p4, q] -\> 0.03,  
  SPD[q] -\> 0.04}  
% /. PaXDiLog -\> X\`DiLog  

gives  

\-13.7252-2.80508\*10^-15 I  

If you have doubts about the result, you might also consider to contact
the author of Package-X (<http://packagex.hepforge.org/>) directly.  

In pure Package-X code, what you are doing is essentially  

<<X\`  
exp = PVC[0, 0, 0, p4.p4, q.q, p4.p4 + 2 p4.q + q.q, mN, mpi,  
   mpi] /. {p4.p4 -\> mN^2}  
res1 = LoopRefine[exp] // C0Expand // Normal // KallenExpand
//  
   DiscExpand;  
res2 = Series[res1, {mN, \\[Infinity], 0}] // Normal //
Simplify;  
res2 /. {mN -\> 0.94, mpi -\> 0.14, p4.q -\> 0.03, q.q -\> 0.04}  

which returns  

\-13.7252-2.36218\*10^-15 I  

Clearly, the imaginary part is zero in both cases.  

Please understand that since Package-X is closed-source I do not know
how exactly the numerical evaluation of DiLogs is done. FeynHelpers just
sends your input to the package and then fetches the output back.  

*\>*  
*\> 2. If I want to evaluate C0 with Dimension=4, such as,*  
*\>*  
*\> SP[p4x, p4x] = mN^2;*  
*\> XC04 = C0[SP[p4x], SP[qx], SP[p4x + qx],
mN^2, mpi^2, mpi^2] //*  
*\> ExpandScalarProduct;*  
*\> XC04x = PaXEvaluate[XC04, PaXC0Expand -\> True,*  
*\> PaXSeries -\> {{mN, Infinity, 2}}, PaXAnalytic -\> True] //
Normal //*  
*\> Simplify*  
*\> The final result is the same as D dimensions. I want to know that it
is a safe way to use Package-X or not?*  
*\>*  

Internally, Package-X always uses D-dimensions and expands around
D=4-2\*Epsilon, keeping only the poles and the finite part, as one would
do it by hand. If a particular C0 is IR-finite, then you will get a
finite results without any poles or D-dependence. If there are IR- or
UV-signularities, they will manifest themselves as 1/eps poles. So you
cannot really choose to evaluate loop integrals not in D dimensions with
Package-X.  

The dimension of scalar products, however, does not enter anywhere in
the evaluation of coefficient functions. You can use SP's from the very
beginning or enter SPD's and do ChangeDimension[exp,4] at the
end.  

Cheers,  
Vladyslav  

*\> Looking forward to your reply. Happy holidays\!*  
*\>*  
*\> Cheers,*  
*\> Xiu-Lei*  
*\>*  

-----

  - **Next message:** [Jongping Hsu: "Re: Question about
    Subscript[E, 0](0,0,Overscript[p,
    \_]^2,0,Overscript[p, \_]^2,0,Overscript[p,
    \_]^2,Overscript[p, \_]^2,Overscript[p,
    \_]^2,Overscript[p, \_]^2,0,0,0,0,0)"](1167.html)
  - **Previous message:** [Vladyslav Shtabovenko: "Re: Question about
    Subscript[E, 0](0,0,Overscript[p,
    \_]^2,0,Overscript[p, \_]^2,0,Overscript[p,
    \_]^2,Overscript[p, \_]^2,Overscript[p,
    \_]^2,Overscript[p, \_]^2,0,0,0,0,0)"](1165.html)
  - **Maybe in reply to:** [Xiu-Lei Ren: "Question about TID in
    FC9.2.0"](1141.html)
  - **Next in thread:** [Xiu-Lei Ren: "Re: Re: Question about TID in
    FC9.2.0"](1158.html)
  - **Maybe reply:** [Xiu-Lei Ren: "Re: Re: Question about TID in
    FC9.2.0"](1158.html)
  - **Maybe reply:** [Xiu-Lei Ren: "Re: Re: Question about TID in
    FC9.2.0"](1168.html)

-----

