**Name:** Vladyslav Shtabovenko
**Date:** 01/18/17-07:03:35 PM Z

  - **Next message:** [Vladyslav Shtabovenko: "Re: defining an
    operator"](1182.html)
  - **Previous message:** [Pilar Hernandez: "BMHV TID \&ToPaVe vs
    OneLoop"](1180.html)
  - **In reply to:** [Pilar Hernandez: "BMHV TID \&ToPaVe vs
    OneLoop"](1180.html)

-----

Dear Pilar,  

many thanks for your question. I realized that there was a bug in TID  
related to the loop integrals with uncontracted loop momenta in 4 and  
D-4 dimensions that should be now fixed, so if you reinstall FeynCalc
via  

Import["https://raw.githubusercontent.com/FeynCalc/feyncalc/master/install.m"]  
InstallFeynCalc[]  

and then evaluate  

$BreitMaison = True;  
trs =
DiracTrace[GAD[a].GAD[mu].GA[6].GAD[b].GAD[nu].GA[6]]
/.  
   DiracTrace -\> Tr  
amp = Contract[trs FVD[l, a] FVD[k + l, b]
FAD[{l, 0}, {k + l, 0}]]  
TID[amp, l, ToPaVe -\> True] // Simplify  

then the result should be correct. You can also use  

TID[amp, l, ToPaVe -\> True, FCVerbose-\>3]  

to show different steps of the tensor decomposition.  

As for the result of OneLoop, you are putting the finger on the  
sore spot. The issue is that OneLoop (carelessly) converts the input  
expression to D dimensions and puts the dimension of momenta and
metric  
tensors to 4 at the very end. This is "ok" for NDR, but messes things
up  
in BMHV for obvious reasons. It is difficult to tell how and why it
came  
to that situation, at least it was already like that when I joined the  
project.  

For now I blocked OneLoop for calculations in the BMHV scheme. For the  
next stable release of FeynCalc it should be fixed, which would
involve  
some serious changes in the behavior of OneLoop.  

Sorry for the trouble.  

Cheers,  
Vladyslav  

Am 18.01.2017 um 08:31 schrieb Pilar Hernandez:  
*\> Hello, I am confused about the differences in the output of OneLoop
and TID & ToPaVe*  
*\> in an amplitude where I use the BMHV prescription for gamma5.*  
*\>*  
*\> trs =DiracTrace[*  
*\> GAD[a] . GAD[mu] . DiracMatrix[6] .
GAD[b] . GAD[nu] .*  
*\> DiracMatrix[6]]\\ \\ /. \\ DiracTrace -\> Tr*  
*\> amp = Contract[trs FVD[l, a] FVD[k + l, b]
FAD[{l, 0}, {k + l, 0}] ]*  
*\>*  
*\> I don't get the same result if I integrate with OneLoop[l,
amp] or if I use TID[amp,l] and ToPaVe...*  
*\>*  
*\> What is the proper way to treat this amplitude ?*  
*\> Thanks, Pilar*  
*\>*  

-----

  - **Next message:** [Vladyslav Shtabovenko: "Re: defining an
    operator"](1182.html)
  - **Previous message:** [Pilar Hernandez: "BMHV TID \&ToPaVe vs
    OneLoop"](1180.html)
  - **In reply to:** [Pilar Hernandez: "BMHV TID \&ToPaVe vs
    OneLoop"](1180.html)

-----

