**Name:** Jongping Hsu
**Date:** 01/22/17-04:12:35 PM Z

  - **Next message:** [Vladyslav Shtabovenko: "Re: E0 scalar
    function"](1191.html)
  - **Previous message:** [Pablo Sanchez Puertas: "Re: E0 scalar
    function"](1189.html)
  - **In reply to:** [Jongping Hsu: "?"](1120.html)
  - **Next in thread:** [Vladyslav Shtabovenko: "Re: thanks"](1192.html)
  - **Reply:** [Vladyslav Shtabovenko: "Re: thanks"](1192.html)

-----

Hi, Vladyslav and Rolf,  
I have finished a paper on 'Confining Quark Model with General
Yang-Mills Symmetry and Inadequate Faddeev-Popov Ghost'. It includes an
acknowledgement:" The author would like to thank V. Shtabovenko and R.
Mertig for help and for providing a \`super-Feynman-toolbox' to shed
light on complicated one-loop amplitudes and to do 'computer
experiments'. " JP  

HSU Jongping,  
Chancellor Professor  
Department of Physics  
Univ. of Massachusetts Dartmouth,  
North Dartmouth, MA 02747. FAX (508)999-9115  
<http://www.umassd.edu/engineering/phy/people/facultyandstaff/jong-pinghsu/>  
recent monograph: Space-Time Symmetry and Quantum Yang–Mills Gravity
(https://sites.google.com/site/yangmillsgravity123/)  

\----- Original Message -----  

From: "Jongping Hsu"
\<[jhsu_at_HIDDEN-E-MAIL]\>  
To:
[feyncalc_at_HIDDEN-E-MAIL]  
Cc: "Mehbub R Khan"
\<[mkhan4_at_HIDDEN-E-MAIL]\>  
Sent: Sunday, November 13, 2016 9:20:58 PM  
Subject: ?  

Dear Dr. Mertig:  
Could you please help to resolve a puzzling result that the OneLoop
FeynCalc calculation leads to incorrect results (in comparison with my
hand-calculations and those in the literature (e.g.,Politzer's) for the
3rd. order Feynman diagram involving 3 ghost propagators and 3 external
gluon lines [with one external gluon momentum set to be zero for
simplicity] in the calculation of the asymptotic freedom)? Thank you
very much for your help.  

I used Mathematica 11 for calculations(with SU(2) in mind). My short
program is attached for your reference.  

Comments (do not run the .nb before reading these comments):  

1\. The vertices g1\*g2\*g3 contains 2 terms. For clarity, I first
calculate the first term by using the vertex g1\*g2\*g3t. The
OneLoop[...] gives the result A1, which is only half of the
correct result A10 (see In[2182]).  
2\. I calculate the second term by using g1\*g2\*g3tt, which lead to the
oneloop result A2. Only when it is multiplied by(3/2), one gets the
correct result. See In[2198].  
3\. In[2198]: By observation, A1\*(4/2)+A2\*(3/2) give the
correct result.  
4\. For the crossed diagram (of external gluons with non-zero momenta),
a similar corrections for the one-loop results (T1 and T) are done for
the 2 terms: B1=2\*T1, B2=(3/2)\*T.  
5\. The corrected result, {A1\*2 + A2\*(3/2)}+{2\*T1 + (3/2)\*T}, leads
to the correct structure and magnitude of the diagram involving 3 ghost
internal lines, as shown in the coefficient of B0 in Out[2231]
and in Out[2232].  

HSU Jongping,  
Chancellor Professor  
Department of Physics  
Univ. of Massachusetts Dartmouth,  
North Dartmouth, MA 02747. FAX (508)999-9115  
<http://www.umassd.edu/engineering/phy/people/facultyandstaff/jong-pinghsu/>  
recent monograph: Space-Time Symmetry and Quantum Yang–Mills Gravity
(https://sites.google.com/site/yangmillsgravity123/)  

-----

  - **Next message:** [Vladyslav Shtabovenko: "Re: E0 scalar
    function"](1191.html)
  - **Previous message:** [Pablo Sanchez Puertas: "Re: E0 scalar
    function"](1189.html)
  - **In reply to:** [Jongping Hsu: "?"](1120.html)
  - **Next in thread:** [Vladyslav Shtabovenko: "Re: thanks"](1192.html)
  - **Reply:** [Vladyslav Shtabovenko: "Re: thanks"](1192.html)

-----

