**Name:** Pablo Sanchez Puertas
**Date:** 01/26/17-02:32:11 PM Z

  - **Next message:** [Davide Racco: "Re: Possible bug with PaVeReduce
    in FeynCalc 9.2"](1201.html)
  - **Previous message:** [Vladyslav Shtabovenko: "Re: Possible bug with
    PaVeReduce in FeynCalc 9.2"](1199.html)
  - **Maybe in reply to:** [Pablo Sanchez Puertas: "E0 scalar
    function"](1185.html)
  - **Next in thread:** [Vladyslav Shtabovenko: "Re: E0 scalar
    function"](1203.html)
  - **Reply:** [Vladyslav Shtabovenko: "Re: E0 scalar
    function"](1203.html)

-----

Hello again.  

I just reinstalled FeynCalc and is working fine\! :D  
Thanks for the continuous support with the program\!  

Besides, but that would probably be a new thread, I  
would like to comment on the tensor 5-point function.  
(I don't really need it at the moment as I have  
alternative ways to deal with it, but could be of interest)  
I could notice that your implmentation relying in  
Eq. (4.54) from  

https://arxiv.org/pdf/0709.1075.pdf  

holds (quoting from the article above)  

" [...] if the Lorentz decomposition of the appearing  
tensor integrals contains only momenta and no metric  
tensors, which is the case for N geq. 6 or P = 0."  

Particularly, for the 5-point function (N=4), that implies  
that such is not generally the case whenever one deals  
with a tensor instead of a scalar function.  
If such is the case, there are additional terms which are  
documented (also from Denner and Dittmaier) in  

<http://inspirehep.net/record/605032>  

see the "V(and U) terms" there or Eq.(2.21). The terms  
implemented in "NPointto4Point.m" are only those in the  
first summation. I could check that, though the notebook I  
have is a bit messy. Let me know uf you are interested and  
I could try to provide you with a minimal working example  
of the isse.  

Pablo  

-----

  - **Next message:** [Davide Racco: "Re: Possible bug with PaVeReduce
    in FeynCalc 9.2"](1201.html)
  - **Previous message:** [Vladyslav Shtabovenko: "Re: Possible bug with
    PaVeReduce in FeynCalc 9.2"](1199.html)
  - **Maybe in reply to:** [Pablo Sanchez Puertas: "E0 scalar
    function"](1185.html)
  - **Next in thread:** [Vladyslav Shtabovenko: "Re: E0 scalar
    function"](1203.html)
  - **Reply:** [Vladyslav Shtabovenko: "Re: E0 scalar
    function"](1203.html)

-----

