**Name:** Pablo Sanchez Puertas
**Date:** 02/01/17-03:09:45 PM Z

  - **Next message:** [Pedro Ruiz-Femenia: "Larin scheme for
    gamma5"](1205.html)
  - **Previous message:** [Vladyslav Shtabovenko: "Re: E0 scalar
    function"](1203.html)
  - **Maybe in reply to:** [Pablo Sanchez Puertas: "E0 scalar
    function"](1185.html)
  - **Next in thread:** [Vladyslav Shtabovenko: "Re: E0 scalar
    function"](1210.html)
  - **Reply:** [Vladyslav Shtabovenko: "Re: E0 scalar
    function"](1210.html)

-----

Hello again\!  

Thanks for the long answer and explanations. As I said, don't worry  
about the implementation in FeynCalc: I understand that such a task  
would represent quite some work and I already managed myself to get  
the numerics for the particular cases I need.  
Moreover, I could check that, as you said, TID[] works
propperly  
whenever non-vanishing Gram determinants appear; in that case the  
option UsePaVeBasis-\>True does the work perfectly anyway. So I guess  
that is a nice and general advice.  

On the other hand, concerning the current implementation, as I said,  
there are still some terms which are missing and not included in the  
references you showed me, but which appear in  
<http://dx.doi.org/10.1016/S0550-3213(03>)00184-6  
(still, as far as I know, not using DR for IR divergences). You could,  
for instance, compare numerically with the result obtained from
TID[]  
and evaluating it numerically with LoopTools. In that sense, I thought  
that would be worthy in the new version that OneLoop[] does not
either  
produce any output for the tensor integrals or produce some warning.  

At the moment, I could not come up with an easy and systematic mehtod  
to do the reduction of tensor integrals and I have not used DR for IR  
divergences, so I cannot help with the implementation. Anyhow, if in  
the future I can come up with some method, I will let you know.  

Thanks a lot and congrats for the support,  
Pablo  

-----

  - **Next message:** [Pedro Ruiz-Femenia: "Larin scheme for
    gamma5"](1205.html)
  - **Previous message:** [Vladyslav Shtabovenko: "Re: E0 scalar
    function"](1203.html)
  - **Maybe in reply to:** [Pablo Sanchez Puertas: "E0 scalar
    function"](1185.html)
  - **Next in thread:** [Vladyslav Shtabovenko: "Re: E0 scalar
    function"](1210.html)
  - **Reply:** [Vladyslav Shtabovenko: "Re: E0 scalar
    function"](1210.html)

-----

