**Name:** William Jay
**Date:** 02/15/17-09:57:06 PM Z

  - **Next message:** [Vicente Vento: "Find FeynCalc"](1215.html)
  - **Previous message:** [Vladyslav Shtabovenko: "Re:
    StandardMatrixElements"](1213.html)
  - **Next in thread:** [Vladyslav Shtabovenko: "Re: Example Notebooks
    for the Package PHI"](1218.html)
  - **Reply:** [Vladyslav Shtabovenko: "Re: Example Notebooks for the
    Package PHI"](1218.html)

-----

Dear FeynCalc,  

I'm interested in automating and verifying results in chiral
perturbation theory (and some cousins thereof...) with Mathematica.  
Thankfully, it looks like a lot of time has already been invested in the
package Phi, which seems to be a really nice-looking suite of tools for
just that purpose\!  

I've successfully installed FeynCalc using the automated installation
procedure outlined on the wiki. Everything that came bundled with this
installation seems to work right of the box. The notebooks I've tried in
/FeynCalc/Examples work like a charm. So far so good\!  

Following the advice in FeynCalc/Phi/ReadMe.txt, I went to look for
examples using the Phi package at  

<http://www.feyncalc.org/phi/>  

I downloaded several of the notebooks (mostly from
/phi/examples/ChPT/Pions - I can provide more details if necessary).  
The notebooks I've looked at do not seem to run successfully without
modification, at least on my system.  

After some initial debugging, my understanding is that the import/load
line  

Needs["HighEnergyPhysics\`FeynCalc\`"];  

is deprecated. After modifying this line to the now standard  

<<FeynCalc\`  

I am able to load Phi successfully. Unfortunately, I'm unable to
reproduce the saved output in the notebooks, which brings me to my
question.  

\--\> Are there other known modifications necessary to run the Phi's
example notebooks with the current version of FeynCalc / FeynArts / etc
?  

I'm happy to provide more details about the discrepancies I encounter
when trying to reproduce results, if they would be helpful. It seems to
me that the issue might be a slightly higher-level one of backward
compatibility (but I am new to FeynCalc, so might be missing something
painful obvious).  

Maybe you have some guidance?  

My system specs are:  
macOS Sierra 10.12.3  
Mathematica 10.1.0.0  
FeynCalc 9.2.0  
FeynArts 3.9  
Phi 1.3  

Thanks in advance for your time and consideration,  

William Jay  
(Waiting for my membership on the mailing list to be approved )  
william.jay (put the at sign here) colorado.edu  

-----

  - **Next message:** [Vicente Vento: "Find FeynCalc"](1215.html)
  - **Previous message:** [Vladyslav Shtabovenko: "Re:
    StandardMatrixElements"](1213.html)
  - **Next in thread:** [Vladyslav Shtabovenko: "Re: Example Notebooks
    for the Package PHI"](1218.html)
  - **Reply:** [Vladyslav Shtabovenko: "Re: Example Notebooks for the
    Package PHI"](1218.html)

-----

