**Name:** Vladyslav Shtabovenko
**Date:** 05/04/17-05:44:45 PM Z

  - **Next message:** [Pablo Sanchez Puertas: "Re: SImplifications with
    Levi Civita tensors"](1230.html)
  - **Previous message:** [Vladyslav Shtabovenko: "Re: Dirac Trace
    Problem"](1228.html)

-----

Dear FeynCalc users,  

it is well known, that using several Mathematica packages doing
similar  
things on the same kernel often leads to shadowing issues.  

For example, a lot of high energy physics packages introduce functions  
like Contract, FourVector, DiracMatrix etc., which subsequently clash  
with the definitions of these functions in FeynCalc.  

Normally, my solution to this is either to rename  
offending functions in the other packages (as it is done with
FeynArts),  
or to write an interface to those packages, so that one access their  
functions via new names (as it is done in FeynHelpers).  

Recently, I was made aware of the fact, that sometimes people would
like  
to use a specific package on the same kernel with FeynCalc but to do
it  
in such a way, that their existing codes for that package can work  
without any changes.  

Suppose that a package XYZ defines "Pair" and "DiracGamma", which
makes  
it inherently incompatible with FeynCalc. If you prefer not to change  
your existing codes for package XYZ, you could, in principle, patch  
FeynCalc to rename Pair and DiracGamma to something else. Of course,  
this makes your instance of FeynCalc incompatible to all the existing  
codes and addons. On the other hand, the patched FeynCalc will work as  
usual, with the exception that whenever you need to access Pair or  
DiracGamma, you must remember to use different names.  

Now it is possible to patch FeynCalc on-the-fly while loading the  
package, i.e. the changes in the names of FeynCalc functions are not  
persistent and the source code of FeynCalc on your hard drive is not  
modified. Once you restart the kernel, everything will be as it was.  

Certainly, this functionality is meant only for people who very well  
understand what they are doing. Yet, if the conflicting FeynCalc  
function is something that you anyhow never use, this trick can still
be  
quite useful.  

You also have to keep in mind, that if your package XYZ modifies the  
default behavior of Mathematica's functions and variables in some  
non-trivial way, it might still be incompatible with FeynCalc, even  
though there will be now shadowing issues.  

Anyhow, the magic variable (now available in the development version)
is  
"$RenameFeynCalcObjects"  

Some examples:  

1\) Load FeynCalc and Package-X on the same kernel  

$RenameFeynCalcObjects = {"Contract" -\> "FCContract",  
    "DiracMatrix" -\> "FCDiracMatrix"};  
<<FeynCalc\`  
<<X\`  

Notice that now FeynCalc completely ignores Contract and DiracMatrix  

DiracMatrix[\\[Gamma].p1 + me \\[DoubleStruckOne],  
   Subscript[\\[Gamma], \\[Mu]],
\\[Gamma].p2 - me \\[DoubleStruckOne],  
   Subscript[\\[Gamma], \\[Nu]]] // Tr  
DiracMatrix[\\[Gamma].p1 + me \\[DoubleStruckOne],  
   Subscript[\\[Gamma], \\[Mu]],
\\[Gamma].p2 - me \\[DoubleStruckOne],  
   Subscript[\\[Gamma], \\[Nu]]] // Spur  
Contract[Subscript[k, \\[Mu]] Subscript[k,
\\[Mu]]]  
FCContract[FV[k, mu] FV[k, mu]]  

2\) Load FeynCalc and Tracer on the same kernel  

$RenameFeynCalcObjects = {"Eps" -\> "FCEps"};  
<<FeynCalc\`  
<<Tracer\`  

?Eps  

Eps[arg1,arg2,arg3,arg4] is the completely antisymmetric product
of  
the four arguments "arg1-4". Eps[] is multi-linear with respect
to  
a linear combination with scalar coefficients. Arguments of
Eps[]  
can be a mixture of Lorentz indices and momenta, e.g.  
"Eps[[p,{mu},q,{nu}]" means "Eps\_{alpha mu beta nu} p^alpha
q^beta"  
in a standard physics notation.  

3\) Load FeynCalc and FIRE on the same kernel  

$RenameFeynCalcObjects = {"Contract" -\> "FCContract"};  
<<FeynCalc\`  
<<FIRE5\`  

4\) Load FeynCalc and S@M at the same kernel  

$RenameFeynCalcObjects = {"Schouten" -\> "FCSchouten",  
    "Gamma1" -\> "FCGamma1", "Gamma2" -\> "FCGamma2",  
    "Gamma3" -\> "FCGamma3"};  
<<FeynCalc\`  
$SpinorsPath =  
   FileNameJoin[{$UserBaseDirectory, "Applications",
"Spinors"}];  
<<Spinors\`  

Happy FeynCalc hacking ;)  

Cheers,  
Vladyslav  

-----

  - **Next message:** [Pablo Sanchez Puertas: "Re: SImplifications with
    Levi Civita tensors"](1230.html)
  - **Previous message:** [Vladyslav Shtabovenko: "Re: Dirac Trace
    Problem"](1228.html)

-----

