**Name:** Ula
**Date:** 05/19/17-11:24:36 AM Z

  - **Next message:** [Vladyslav Shtabovenko: "Re: A problem with the
    trace of chiral projectors?"](1252.html)
  - **Previous message:** [Vladyslav Shtabovenko: "Re: ToTFI 2Loops
    Output keeps returning \`Private variables"](1250.html)
  - **Maybe in reply to:** [Ula: "A problem with the trace of chiral
    projectors?"](1248.html)
  - **Next in thread:** [Vladyslav Shtabovenko: "Re: A problem with the
    trace of chiral projectors?"](1252.html)
  - **Reply:** [Vladyslav Shtabovenko: "Re: A problem with the trace of
    chiral projectors?"](1252.html)

-----

Dear Vladyslav,  

Thanks for the fast reply and your great work with FeynCalc. I checked
that many examples with chiral projectors indeed yield correct results
now, but not all of them. In the example below, Res1 is consistent with
my own calculations.  

(\*Definitions\*)  

In[2]:= R = GA[6];  

In[3]:= L = GA[7];  

In[4]:= yiPR = YiPR L + YiPRCC R;  

In[5]:= ys1 = Ys1 L + Ys1CC R;  

In[6]:= ys2 = Ys2 L + Ys2CC R;  

In[7]:= SetMandelstam[s, t, u, p1, p2, -q1, -q2, mc1, mc2,
ms1, ms2];  

In[8]:= AmpSquare :=  
  Tr[yiPR.(GS[p1] - mc1 ID).ys1.(GS[p2 - q2] + mb
ID).ys2.(GS[p2] +  
       mc2 ID)] // Simplify;  

(\*Correct Result\*)  

In[9]:= ID = 1; Res1 = AmpSquare;  

(\*Wrong Result\*)  

In[10]:= Clear[ID, Res2]  

In[11]:= ID = GA[6] + GA[7]; Res2 = AmpSquare;  

(\*Difference\*)  

In[12]:= Res1 - Res2 // Simplify  

Out[12]= mc2 (2 mc1^2 + mc2^2 + ms2^2 - s - u) (YiPR Ys1 Ys2 +  
   YiPRCC Ys1CC Ys2CC)  

All the best,  
Ula  

 Hi,  

thanks for the bug report. It is a bug that affects terms like  
(L1 GA[7] + R1 GA[6]) where both projectors appear
multiplied with  
different constants. Should be now fixed. Please reinstall FeynCalc
9.2  
and let us know if you encounter any further issues.  

Cheers,  
Vladyslav  

Am 17.05.2017 um 11:02 schrieb Ula:  
*\> Dear FeynCalc users,*  
*\>*  
*\> In \`\`official" FeynCalc examples the identity matrix is not used
under the trace. However, it seems that sometimes this yields wrong
results when chiral projectors are present. Is this an expected
bahavior, or I am doing something wrong? (I'm using FeynCalc 9.2.0 with
Mathematica 8.0.4.)*  
*\>*  
*\> (\*Definitions\*)*  
*\>*  
*\> In[2]:= ID = GA[6] + GA[7];*  
*\>*  
*\> In[3]:= y1 = L1 GA[7] + R1 GA[6];*  
*\>*  
*\> In[4]:= y2 = L2 GA[7] + R2 GA[6];*  
*\>*  
*\>*  
*\> (\*Worng result\*)*  
*\>*  
*\> In[5]:= Tr[y1.(GS[p2] + m2).y2.(GS[p1] -
m1)] // FCE*  
*\>*  
*\> Out[5]= -2 (L2 R1 + L1 R2) (m1 m2 - SP[p1, p2])*  
*\>*  
*\> (\*Correct result\*)*  
*\>*  
*\> In[6]:= Tr[y1.(m2).y2.(-m1)]*  
*\>*  
*\> Out[6]= -2 m1 m2 (L1 L2 + R1 R2)*  
*\>*  
*\>*  
*\> (\*Correct result\*)*  
*\>*  
*\> In[7]:= Tr[y1.(GS[p2] + m2
ID).y2.(GS[p1] - m1 ID)] // Simplify // FCE*  
*\>*  
*\> Out[7]= -2 m1 m2 (L1 L2 + R1 R2) + 2 (L2 R1 + L1 R2)
SP[p1, p2]*  
*\>*  
*\>*  
*\> Thanks and best wishes,*  
*\> Ula*  
*\>*  

-----

  - **Next message:** [Vladyslav Shtabovenko: "Re: A problem with the
    trace of chiral projectors?"](1252.html)
  - **Previous message:** [Vladyslav Shtabovenko: "Re: ToTFI 2Loops
    Output keeps returning \`Private variables"](1250.html)
  - **Maybe in reply to:** [Ula: "A problem with the trace of chiral
    projectors?"](1248.html)
  - **Next in thread:** [Vladyslav Shtabovenko: "Re: A problem with the
    trace of chiral projectors?"](1252.html)
  - **Reply:** [Vladyslav Shtabovenko: "Re: A problem with the trace of
    chiral projectors?"](1252.html)

-----

