**Name:** Vladyslav Shtabovenko
**Date:** 05/19/17-12:44:06 PM Z

  - **Next message:** [Ula: "Re: A problem with the trace of chiral
    projectors?"](1255.html)
  - **Previous message:** [Ula: "Re: A problem with the trace of chiral
    projectors?"](1253.html)
  - **In reply to:** [Ula: "Re: A problem with the trace of chiral
    projectors?"](1253.html)
  - **Next in thread:** [Ula: "Re: A problem with the trace of chiral
    projectors?"](1255.html)

-----

Dear Ula,  

I apologize, I'm afraid I skimmed through your code only  
very briefly and overlooked that you already define L and  
R as GA[6] and GA[7], instead of first using the sole
symbols in the  
calculation.  

On the other hand, now I'm afraid that I'm not able to reproduce your  
wrong result. With FeynCalc 9.2 this (now without
DeclareNonCommutative)  

R = GA[6];  
L = GA[7];  
yiPR = YiPR L + YiPRCC R;  
ys1 = Ys1 L + Ys1CC R;  
ys2 = Ys2 L + Ys2CC R;  
SetMandelstam[s, t, u, p1, p2, -q1, -q2, mc1, mc2, ms1, ms2];  

AmpSquare =  
   Tr[yiPR.(GS[p1] - mc1 ID).ys1.(GS[p2 - q2] + mb
ID).ys2.(GS[p2] +  
        mc2 ID)] // Simplify;  

ID = 1; Res1 = AmpSquare  

Clear[ID, Res2]  
ID = GA[6] + GA[7];  
Res2 = AmpSquare  

(Res1 - Res2) // Simplify  
% // DiracSimplify[\#, DiracSubstitute67 -\> True] &  

yields 0 as it should (c.f. the attached notebook)  

As to your second comment, in FeynCalc there are no explicit Dirac  
indices, and hence no special unit matrix in the Dirac space.  
This means, that when you compute a Dirac trace, all the Dirac
matrices  
should be spelled out explicitly.  

Otherwise you get such strange results with Dirac matrices remaining  
after the trace. Here the issue is really that FeynCalc does not know  
what is ID and assumes it to be a c-number, i.e. something free of
Dirac  
matrices.  

Again, you could do  

R = GA[6];  
L = GA[7];  
yiPR = YiPR L + YiPRCC R;  
ys1 = Ys1 L + Ys1CC R;  
ys2 = Ys2 L + Ys2CC R;  

SetMandelstam[s, t, u, p1, p2, -q1, -q2, mc1, mc2, ms1, ms2];  
DeclareNonCommutative[ID];  

AmpSquare =  
  DiracTrace[  
   yiPR.(GS[p1] - mc1 ID).ys1.(GS[p2 - q2] + mb
ID).ys2.(GS[p2] +  
      mc2 ID), DiracTraceEvaluate -\> True]  

However, in this case DiracTrace will abort evaluation, once it  
encounters a trace over ID that it does not know how to handle.  

Cheers,  
Vladyslav  

Am 19.05.2017 um 12:15 schrieb Ula:  
*\> Dear Vladyslav,*  
*\>*  
*\> I don't have much experience with FeynCalc (I hope this will change
soon), maybe that is why I don't understand why should I use
DeclareNonCommutative[L, R]. I mean, L and R are just
abbreviations for internal FeynCalc objects (I was using SetDelayed in
my definitions of AmpSquare).*  
*\>*  
*\> I checked that with your tip it works correctly, but, to be honest,
the fact that Res2 still depends on chiral projectors is even more
strange.*  
*\>*  
*\> Best regards,*  
*\> Ula*  
*\>*  
*\>*  
*\>*  
*\>*  
*\>\> Dear Ula,*  
*\>\>*  
*\>\> in this case you are missing a declaration of L and R*  
*\>\> as noncommutative quantities.*  
*\>\>*  
*\>\> By default, FeynCalc will treat every symbol that has not been*  
*\>\> explicitly declared to be noncommutatuve, as a c-number. The
following*  
*\>\> works fine*  
*\>\>*  
*\>\> DeclareNonCommutative[L, R]*  
*\>\> R = GA[6];*  
*\>\> L = GA[7];*  
*\>\> yiPR = YiPR L + YiPRCC R;*  
*\>\> ys1 = Ys1 L + Ys1CC R;*  
*\>\> ys2 = Ys2 L + Ys2CC R;*  
*\>\> SetMandelstam[s, t, u, p1, p2, -q1, -q2, mc1, mc2, ms1,
ms2];*  
*\>\>*  
*\>\> AmpSquare =*  
*\>\> Tr[yiPR.(GS[p1] - mc1 ID).ys1.(GS[p2 - q2] +
mb ID).ys2.(GS[p2] +*  
*\>\> mc2 ID)] // Simplify;*  
*\>\>*  
*\>\> ID = 1; Res1 = AmpSquare*  
*\>\>*  
*\>\> Clear[ID, Res2]*  
*\>\> ID = GA[6] + GA[7];*  
*\>\> Res2 = AmpSquare*  
*\>\>*  
*\>\> (Res1 - Res2) // DiracSimplify[\#, DiracSubstitute67 -\>
True] &*  
*\>\>*  
*\>\> Here DiracSubstitute67 merely replaces GA[6] and
GA[7] by their*  
*\>\> explicit values, i.e. 1/2(1+GA[5]) and
1/2(1-GA[5]) respectively.*  
*\>\> Otherwise the difference is proportional to
(GA[6]+GA[7]-1)*  
*\>\>*  
*\>\> Cheers,*  
*\>\> Vladyslav*  
*\>\>*  
*\>\>*  
*\>\> Am 19.05.2017 um 11:24 schrieb Ula:*  
*\>\>\> Dear Vladyslav,*  
*\>\>\>*  
*\>\>\> Thanks for the fast reply and your great work with FeynCalc. I
checked that many examples with chiral projectors indeed yield correct
results now, but not all of them. In the example below, Res1 is
consistent with my own calculations.*  
*\>\>\>*  
*\>\>\> (\*Definitions\*)*  
*\>\>\>*  
*\>\>\> In[2]:= R = GA[6];*  
*\>\>\>*  
*\>\>\> In[3]:= L = GA[7];*  
*\>\>\>*  
*\>\>\> In[4]:= yiPR = YiPR L + YiPRCC R;*  
*\>\>\>*  
*\>\>\> In[5]:= ys1 = Ys1 L + Ys1CC R;*  
*\>\>\>*  
*\>\>\> In[6]:= ys2 = Ys2 L + Ys2CC R;*  
*\>\>\>*  
*\>\>\> In[7]:= SetMandelstam[s, t, u, p1, p2, -q1, -q2,
mc1, mc2, ms1, ms2];*  
*\>\>\>*  
*\>\>\> In[8]:= AmpSquare :=*  
*\>\>\> Tr[yiPR.(GS[p1] - mc1 ID).ys1.(GS[p2 - q2] +
mb ID).ys2.(GS[p2] +*  
*\>\>\> mc2 ID)] // Simplify;*  
*\>\>\>*  
*\>\>\> (\*Correct Result\*)*  
*\>\>\>*  
*\>\>\> In[9]:= ID = 1; Res1 = AmpSquare;*  
*\>\>\>*  
*\>\>\> (\*Wrong Result\*)*  
*\>\>\>*  
*\>\>\> In[10]:= Clear[ID, Res2]*  
*\>\>\>*  
*\>\>\> In[11]:= ID = GA[6] + GA[7]; Res2 =
AmpSquare;*  
*\>\>\>*  
*\>\>\> (\*Difference\*)*  
*\>\>\>*  
*\>\>\> In[12]:= Res1 - Res2 // Simplify*  
*\>\>\>*  
*\>\>\> Out[12]= mc2 (2 mc1^2 + mc2^2 + ms2^2 - s - u) (YiPR Ys1
Ys2 +*  
*\>\>\> YiPRCC Ys1CC Ys2CC)*  
*\>\>\>*  
*\>\>\>*  
*\>\>\> All the best,*  
*\>\>\> Ula*  
*\>\>\>*  
*\>\>\>*  
*\>\>\>*  
*\>\>\>*  
*\>\>\>*  
*\>\>\>*  
*\>\>\>*  
*\>\>\>*  
*\>\>\> Hi,*  
*\>\>\>*  
*\>\>\> thanks for the bug report. It is a bug that affects terms
like*  
*\>\>\> (L1 GA[7] + R1 GA[6]) where both projectors
appear multiplied with*  
*\>\>\> different constants. Should be now fixed. Please reinstall
FeynCalc 9.2*  
*\>\>\> and let us know if you encounter any further issues.*  
*\>\>\>*  
*\>\>\> Cheers,*  
*\>\>\> Vladyslav*  
*\>\>\>*  
*\>\>\> Am 17.05.2017 um 11:02 schrieb Ula:*  
*\>\>\>\> Dear FeynCalc users,*  
*\>\>\>\>*  
*\>\>\>\> In \`\`official" FeynCalc examples the identity matrix is not
used under the trace. However, it seems that sometimes this yields wrong
results when chiral projectors are present. Is this an expected
bahavior, or I am doing something wrong? (I'm using FeynCalc 9.2.0 with
Mathematica 8.0.4.)*  
*\>\>\>\>*  
*\>\>\>\> (\*Definitions\*)*  
*\>\>\>\>*  
*\>\>\>\> In[2]:= ID = GA[6] + GA[7];*  
*\>\>\>\>*  
*\>\>\>\> In[3]:= y1 = L1 GA[7] + R1 GA[6];*  
*\>\>\>\>*  
*\>\>\>\> In[4]:= y2 = L2 GA[7] + R2 GA[6];*  
*\>\>\>\>*  
*\>\>\>\>*  
*\>\>\>\> (\*Worng result\*)*  
*\>\>\>\>*  
*\>\>\>\> In[5]:= Tr[y1.(GS[p2] +
m2).y2.(GS[p1] - m1)] // FCE*  
*\>\>\>\>*  
*\>\>\>\> Out[5]= -2 (L2 R1 + L1 R2) (m1 m2 - SP[p1,
p2])*  
*\>\>\>\>*  
*\>\>\>\> (\*Correct result\*)*  
*\>\>\>\>*  
*\>\>\>\> In[6]:= Tr[y1.(m2).y2.(-m1)]*  
*\>\>\>\>*  
*\>\>\>\> Out[6]= -2 m1 m2 (L1 L2 + R1 R2)*  
*\>\>\>\>*  
*\>\>\>\>*  
*\>\>\>\> (\*Correct result\*)*  
*\>\>\>\>*  
*\>\>\>\> In[7]:= Tr[y1.(GS[p2] + m2
ID).y2.(GS[p1] - m1 ID)] // Simplify // FCE*  
*\>\>\>\>*  
*\>\>\>\> Out[7]= -2 m1 m2 (L1 L2 + R1 R2) + 2 (L2 R1 + L1 R2)
SP[p1, p2]*  
*\>\>\>\>*  
*\>\>\>\>*  
*\>\>\>\> Thanks and best wishes,*  
*\>\>\>\> Ula*  
*\>\>\>\>*  
*\>\>\>*  
*\>*  

-----

  - application/vnd.wolfram.nb attachment:
    [test.nb](att-1254/01-test.nb)

-----

  - **Next message:** [Ula: "Re: A problem with the trace of chiral
    projectors?"](1255.html)
  - **Previous message:** [Ula: "Re: A problem with the trace of chiral
    projectors?"](1253.html)
  - **In reply to:** [Ula: "Re: A problem with the trace of chiral
    projectors?"](1253.html)
  - **Next in thread:** [Ula: "Re: A problem with the trace of chiral
    projectors?"](1255.html)

-----

