**Name:** Vladyslav Shtabovenko
**Date:** 07/25/17-12:35:33 PM Z

  - **Next message:** [Philipp: "Tarcer Recursion"](1290.html)
  - **Previous message:** [Maksym: "Error\! DiracTrick has encountered a
    fatal problem and must abort the computation. The problem reads:
    Incorrect combination of dimensions and g^5 scheme\!"](1288.html)
  - **In reply to:** [Maksym: "Error\! DiracTrick has encountered a
    fatal problem and must abort the computation. The problem reads:
    Incorrect combination of dimensions and g^5 scheme\!"](1288.html)

-----

Hi,  

the reason is that your expression is a mixture of 4- and
D-dimensional  
quantities. So when you want to compute the trace, the given
expression  
is illegal in the Naive Dimensional Regularization (NDR) scheme, where  
everything must be D-dimensional.  

So either you ensure that your expression is purely D-dimensional  

f1 = coef0 Pair[Momentum[Polarization[k2, I], D],  
     LorentzIndex[\\[Mu], D]] SpinorUBarD[k1,  
      0].GAD[\\[Mu]].QuarkPropagator[{k1 + k2,
0},  
      Explicit -\>
True].GAD[\\[Nu]].SpinorUD[p1,  
      0] (-MTD[\\[Nu], \\[Alpha]] +  
      FVD[k1 + k2 - p1, \\[Nu]] FVD[k1 + k2 - p1,
\\[Alpha]]/  
        mW^2) FAD[{k1 + k2 - p1, mW}] SpinorVBarD[p2,  
      0].GAD[\\[Alpha]].(1 - GA5).SpinorUD[p3,
m] // FCI  

(or 4-dimensional, if it's tree level) or you switch to the  
t'Hooft-Veltman scheme via  

$BreitMaison=True;  

where traces may contain 4- and D-dimensional objects. However, if
your  
input expression has any inconsistencies w.r.t the dimensions, the
trace  
will of course be also inconsistent.  

Cheers,  
Vladyslav  

Am 24.07.2017 um 11:24 schrieb Maksym:  
*\> Hi\! I'm experiencing an issue when trying to calculate the squared
amplitude.*  
*\>*  
*\> The code is*  
*\>*  
*\> FCClearScalarProducts[];*  
*\> {coef0 = u Sqrt[\\[Alpha]] g/2, coef1 = 1/(32 Pi
s)};*  
*\> {ScalarProduct[k1, k1] = ScalarProduct[k2, k2] =
0,*  
*\> ScalarProduct[p1, p1] = ScalarProduct[p2, p2] =
0,*  
*\> ScalarProduct[p3, p3] = m^2,*  
*\> ScalarProduct[k1, k2] = s/2, ScalarProduct[k1, p1] =
-t1/2,*  
*\> ScalarProduct[k1, p2] = (s1 + t1 - t2)/2,*  
*\> ScalarProduct[k1, p3] = (s - s1 + t2)/2,*  
*\> ScalarProduct[k2, p1] = (s - s2 + t1)/2,*  
*\> ScalarProduct[k2, p2] = (s2 + t2 - t1 - m^2)/2,*  
*\> ScalarProduct[k3, p3] = (m^2 - t2)/2, ScalarProduct[p1,
p2] = s1/2,*  
*\> ScalarProduct[p1, p3] = (s - s1 - s2)/2,*  
*\> ScalarProduct[p2, p3] = (s2 - m^2)};*  
*\> f1 = coef0 PolarizationVector[*  
*\> k2, \\[Mu]] SpinorUBar[k1,*  
*\> 0].GA[\\[Mu]].QuarkPropagator[{k1 + k2,
0},*  
*\> Explicit -\> True].GA[\\[Nu]].SpinorU[p1,*  
*\> 0] (-MetricTensor[\\[Nu], \\[Alpha]]
+*  
*\> FourVector[*  
*\> k1 + k2 - p1, \\[Nu]] FourVector[k1 + k2 - p1,
\\[Alpha]]/*  
*\> mW^2) PropagatorDenominator[k1 + k2 - p1,*  
*\> mW] SpinorVBar[p2, 0].GA[\\[Alpha]].(1 -
GA5). SpinorU[p3, m] // FCI*  
*\> f1star = ComplexConjugate[f1]*  
*\> m11 = DoPolarizationSums[f1 f1star, k2, 0]*  
*\> m22 = FermionSpinSum[m11] /. DiracTrace -\> TR // Contract
// Simplify*  
*\> Mfinal = m22*  
*\> dsigbardz = coef1 Mfinal*  
*\>*  
*\> It displays the amplitude correctly and evaluates its complex
conjugation, but faols when calculating the fermion polarization sum
with the error*  
*\> "Error\! DiracTrick has encountered a fatal problem and must abort
the computation. The problem reads: Incorrect combination of dimensions
and g^5 scheme\!"*  
*\>*  
*\> What is the reason for this?*  
*\>*  

-----

  - **Next message:** [Philipp: "Tarcer Recursion"](1290.html)
  - **Previous message:** [Maksym: "Error\! DiracTrick has encountered a
    fatal problem and must abort the computation. The problem reads:
    Incorrect combination of dimensions and g^5 scheme\!"](1288.html)
  - **In reply to:** [Maksym: "Error\! DiracTrick has encountered a
    fatal problem and must abort the computation. The problem reads:
    Incorrect combination of dimensions and g^5 scheme\!"](1288.html)

-----

