**Name:** V. Shtabovenko
**Date:** 10/21/17-12:31:01 PM Z

  - **Next message:** [V. Shtabovenko: "Re: TarcerExpand"](1336.html)
  - **Previous message:** [V. Shtabovenko: "Re: a problem about
    \\gamma^0 matrix"](1334.html)
  - **Maybe in reply to:** [Jon Palmer: "RE: FeynCalc5
    Beta1"](0190.html)
  - **Next in thread:** [Rolf Mertig: "Re: FeynCalc5 Beta1"](0188.html)

-----

Just in case someone stumbles over this old thread:  

Yes, in FeynCalc 9.3 we do have a function to analyze the UV (not
IR\!\!\!)  
divergences of arbitrary Passarino-Veltman coefficient functions, c.f.  

[1287.html](1287.html)  

I recommend to use it with the global option  

$KeepLogDivergentScalelessIntegrals set to True  

Then:  

A0[m^2] // PaVeUVPart  

\-\> -((2 m^2)/(-4 + D))  

or  

B0[SPD[p, p], 0, m^2] // PaVeUVPart  

\-\> -(2/(-4 + D))  

Alternatively (or as a cross-check) one could use PaXEvaluateUV /  
PaXEvaluateUVIRSplit from the FeynHelpers extension. PaXEvaluateUV
uses  
Package-X, while PaVeUVPart uses a different algorithm from Georg
Sulyok  
(https://inspirehep.net/record/727190)  

Cheers,  
Vladyslav  

*\> Rolf,*  
*\>*  
*\> Thanks for the variation of the notebook. I have two questions:*  
*\>*  
*\> 1. Does FeynCalc have functions that allow for the analysis of the
two point*  
*\> integrals A0, B0 etc. in the limit D -\> 4+e so that the divergent
parts of*  
*\> the self energies can be extracted and analysed?*  
*\>*  
*\> 2. Is it possible to use TARCER to perform the same calculation as
done in*  
*\> my notebook but for two loop diagrams? My attempt to do this is in
the*  
*\> attached file. I have tried applying ToTFI to the results of
CreateFCAmp but*  
*\> very few of the terms correctly reduce to TFI form. I deduce from
looking at*  
*\> the results from ToTFI that the problem lies at least partly in the
fact*  
*\> that ToTFI does not deal with terms with numerators containing odd
powers of*  
*\> the internal loop momenta q1 and q2. Presumably these terms are zero
by*  
*\> symmetric integration. Are there TARCER functions that allow for
these terms*  
*\> to be handled (some sort of analogue of OneLoopSimplify)?*  
*\>*  
*\> Many thanks*  
*\> Jon Palmer*  

-----

  - **Next message:** [V. Shtabovenko: "Re: TarcerExpand"](1336.html)
  - **Previous message:** [V. Shtabovenko: "Re: a problem about
    \\gamma^0 matrix"](1334.html)
  - **Maybe in reply to:** [Jon Palmer: "RE: FeynCalc5
    Beta1"](0190.html)
  - **Next in thread:** [Rolf Mertig: "Re: FeynCalc5 Beta1"](0188.html)

-----

