**Name:** V. Shtabovenko
**Date:** 11/01/17-12:41:19 PM Z

  - **Next message:** [V. Shtabovenko: "Re: UV-Divergences of 1-loop
    integrals"](1342.html)
  - **Previous message:** [Francesco Saturnino: "saturnino_at_HIDDEN-E-MAIL
    Problem with Write2"](1340.html)
  - **In reply to:** [Francesco Saturnino: "saturnino_at_HIDDEN-E-MAIL
    Problem with Write2"](1340.html)

-----

Hi,  

could you please provide some examples?  

I'm afraid that in general Write2 in the current stable version of  
FeynCalc is not working very well. I implemented several fixes in the  
development version, but I was mostly interested in saving Mathematica  
expressions, not exporting to Fortran.  

Anyhow, let us see what is the issue. Possibly I will then update
Write2  
in the stable version.  

Cheers,  
Vladyslav  

Am 01.11.2017 um 18:45 schrieb Francesco Saturnino:  
*\> Hi there*  
*\>*  
*\> I have just upgraded from Mathematica 10.0 to Mathematica 11.2. I
had the latest version of FeynCalc installed on Mathematica 10 and
reinstalled it on Mathematica 11.2. I now seem to have issues with the
Write2 command with the option FormatType -\> FortranForm. What happens
is that the lines in my output file are too long (up to 100 or so
characters) and that the new lines do not start with a continuation
character. Consequently I also get the fortran generation warnings
produced by FeynCalc. Have you heard of that issue? Is Write2 somehow
not compatible with Mathematica 11.2?*  
*\>*  
*\> Thank you very much in advance.*  
*\>*  
*\> Best regards*  
*\> Francesco*  
*\>*  

-----

  - **Next message:** [V. Shtabovenko: "Re: UV-Divergences of 1-loop
    integrals"](1342.html)
  - **Previous message:** [Francesco Saturnino: "saturnino_at_HIDDEN-E-MAIL
    Problem with Write2"](1340.html)
  - **In reply to:** [Francesco Saturnino: "saturnino_at_HIDDEN-E-MAIL
    Problem with Write2"](1340.html)

-----

