**Name:** V. Shtabovenko
**Date:** 11/06/17-02:55:22 AM Z

  - **Next message:** [Will: "Problems with installation of development
    version of FeynCalc"](1343.html)
  - **Previous message:** [V. Shtabovenko: "Re: saturnino_at_HIDDEN-E-MAIL
    Problem with Write2"](1341.html)
  - **In reply to:** [Vladyslav Shtabovenko: "UV-Divergences of 1-loop
    integrals"](1287.html)

-----

FYI, since our collection of example calculations started to  
become a big mess, I took some time to refactor the codes, introduce  
some unified notation and make things more readable.  

The directory structure has slightly changed. You will still find  
everything in  

\<https://github.com/FeynCalc/feyncalc/tree/master/FeynCalc/Examples\>  

but the 1-loop QED and QCD calculations that use UVPart are now in  

\<https://github.com/FeynCalc/feyncalc/tree/master/FeynCalc/Examples/QED/OneLoop\>  

\<https://github.com/FeynCalc/feyncalc/tree/master/FeynCalc/Examples/QCD/OneLoop\>  

By the way,  

\<https://github.com/FeynCalc/feyncalc/blob/master/FeynCalc/Examples/QCD/OneLoop/Renormalization.m\>  

contains the 1-loop renormalization of QCD in MS and MSbar schemes.  

Actually, Rolf, Frederik and myself had the idea to add this example  
since our Berlin meeting in 2016. However, only after PaVeUVPart was  
added to the development version it became possible to implement this  
calculation in such an easy and straightforward way.  

Now that we have QED and QCD, the next interesting example would be to  
add the full 1-loop renormalization of the Standard Model.  

Cheers,  
Vladyslav  

Am 10.07.2017 um 04:50 schrieb Vladyslav Shtabovenko:  
*\> Dear FeynCalc users,*  
*\>*  
*\> one often encounters situations, where we are interested only in
the*  
*\> UV-singularities of the dimensionally regularized loop integrals.
In*  
*\> such cases the finite part and the IR poles can be discarded.
Instead of*  
*\> calculating the full integral and then fishing out the UV-pole
(which is*  
*\> sometimes non-trivial due to the overlapping singularities), it
is*  
*\> actually much easier to pick up the UV-divergent piece right away.
At*  
*\> 1-loop there are even explicit formulas for doing so.*  
*\>*  
*\> FeynCalc has a (probably not so well-known) function called UVPart
that*  
*\> tries to go into that direction, but doesn't do its job in a good
way.*  
*\> The original idea was to discard all the 1-loop integrals that gave
no*  
*\> UV-poles. However, there are some cases where UVPart might actually
drop*  
*\> a UV divergent 1-loop integral, which is why it became necessary to
do*  
*\> something about that. At this point I'd like to thank Martin Beneke
for*  
*\> bringing my attention to the issues with UVPart.*  
*\>*  
*\> I removed UVPart from the current development version (aka the
upcoming*  
*\> FeunCalc 9.3) because now we have something much better than that.
The*  
*\> replacement for UVPart is called PaVeUVPart*  
*\>*  
*\>
\<https://github.com/FeynCalc/feyncalc/commit/03d506077b828ebe960bcf87e259ad9331d9c2df\>*  
*\>*  
*\>*  
*\> PaVeUVPart works with Passarino-Veltman coefficient functions and*  
*\> replaces each function with its UV-divergent piece. The nice thing
is*  
*\> that it works with 1-loop integrals of arbitrary rank and
multiplicity.*  
*\> This is achieved by using the algorithm of Georg Sulyok*  
*\>*  
*\> \<https://inspirehep.net/record/727190\>*  
*\>*  
*\> As an addition to his publication, Georg has also provided  a*  
*\> Mathematica version of his program that returns UV-poles of
arbitrary*  
*\> PaVe functions. I'm very grateful to him for the nice collaboration
on*  
*\> integrating his code into FeynCalc.*  
*\>*  
*\> For using PaVeUVPart in renormalization calculations, have a look
at*  
*\>*  
*\>
\<https://github.com/FeynCalc/feyncalc/blob/master/FeynCalc/Examples/QCD/QCDQuarkSelfEnergyOneLoop.m\>*  
*\>*  
*\>*  
*\>
\<https://github.com/FeynCalc/feyncalc/blob/master/FeynCalc/Examples/QCD/QCDGluonSelfEnergyOneLoop.m\>*  
*\>*  
*\>*  
*\>
\<https://github.com/FeynCalc/feyncalc/blob/master/FeynCalc/Examples/QED/QEDElectronSelfEnergyOneLoop.m\>*  
*\>*  
*\>*  
*\>
\<https://github.com/FeynCalc/feyncalc/blob/master/FeynCalc/Examples/QED/QEDPhotonSelfEnergyOneLoop.m\>*  
*\>*  
*\>*  
*\> And to give you some idea how to use it on standalone integrals:*  
*\>*  
*\> int = SPD[k] FAD[{k + q1, m1}, {k + q2, m2}]/(I
Pi^2);*  
*\> TID[int, k, UsePaVeBasis -\> True, ToPaVe -\> True]
//PaVeUVPart*  
*\>*  
*\> -((2 (m1^2 + m2^2 + SPD[q1, q2]))/(-4 + D))*  
*\>*  
*\>*  
*\> int = SPD[k, p1]^3 FAD[k, {k + q1, m1}, {k + q2,
m2}]/(I Pi^2)*  
*\>*  
*\>*  
*\> TID[int, k, UsePaVeBasis -\> True, ToPaVe -\> True]
//PaVeUVPart*  
*\>*  
*\>*  
*\> (SPD[p1, p1] SPD[p1, q1] + SPD[p1, p1]
SPD[p1, q2])/(2 (-4 + D))*  
*\>*  
*\>*  
*\> The option UsePaVeBasis is there for performance reasons. Tensor*  
*\> reduction into coefficient functions is much faster than tensor*  
*\> reduction into scalar integrals, so that it saves your time. Once
you*  
*\> have your 1-loop amplitude expressed in terms of PaVe functions,*  
*\> PaVeUVPart can overtake.*  
*\>*  
*\> Cheers,*  
*\> Vladyslav*  
*\>*  
*\>*  
*\>*  
*\>*  
*\>*  
*\>*  
*\>*  
*\>*  

-----

  - **Next message:** [Will: "Problems with installation of development
    version of FeynCalc"](1343.html)
  - **Previous message:** [V. Shtabovenko: "Re: saturnino_at_HIDDEN-E-MAIL
    Problem with Write2"](1341.html)
  - **In reply to:** [Vladyslav Shtabovenko: "UV-Divergences of 1-loop
    integrals"](1287.html)

-----

