**Name:** V. Shtabovenko
**Date:** 01/18/18-03:38:01 PM Z

  - **Next message:** [V. Shtabovenko: "Re: Gamma5 in D
    dimensions"](1380.html)
  - **Previous message:** [Duarte: "Gamma5 in D dimensions"](1378.html)
  - **In reply to:** [Duarte: "Gamma5 in D dimensions"](1378.html)
  - **Next in thread:** [Duarte: "Gamma5 in D dimensions"](1383.html)

-----

Am 18.01.2018 um 22:17 schrieb Duarte:  
*\> Oh, sorry\!, right. Thank you very much.*  
*\>*  
*\> So the two problems are solved: I can compute both ampW1 and the*  
*\> loop of ampF1.*  
*\>*  
*\> But with all these changes, I now face 2 new problems\! The first*  
*\> of them shows up when I compute ampW1. Here, I get some objects*  
*\> (at least metric tensors and 4-momenta) both with and without*  
*\> hat. What do they mean? How I am supposed to deal with them?*  

This is the standard notation of the BMHV scheme, the objects with
hats  
live in D-4 dimensions, without hats in D dimensions and those with
bars  
in 4 dimensions.  

The BMHV scheme is not a magical think to solve your problems with  
gamma^5. It also has its drawbacks, such as the breakage of axial Ward  
identities, which requires an additional counter-term. In general, I
can  
tell you that gamma^5 in D-dimensions is always "a mess", so you
should  
make sure that you understand the scheme (there are many of them\!)
that  
you are using and its implications. FeynCalc just follows the known  
prescription to compute traces in this scheme, but it does not solve
the  
physical problems for you.  

*\>*  
*\> The second problem has to do with the following. As I am working
in*  
*\> dimensional regularization, I will have to make D -\> 4 -
epsilon,*  
*\> (and I will want to obtain, on the one hand, the non-divergent
term*  
*\> coming from the product between epsilon and the PaVe functions, and
to*  
*\> make, on the other hand, epsilon -\> 0 in the end; by the way, I
do*  
*\> all of this manually, but maybe there is some automatic function
to*  
*\> help me with these steps). But as I make D -\> 4 - epsilon, some
funny*  
*\> objects show up: basically, gamma matrices and 4-momenta with*  
*\> subscript "4-epsilon" (or just "epsilon"). I have the same
questions:*  
*\> what do they mean? How I am supposed to deal with them?*  

When you substitute the results for the PaVe functions, you should  
use FCReplaceD[exp,D-\>4-Epsilon]. This will keep the dimensions
of the  
Dirac matrices and 4-vectors unchanged. Only after the expansion
around  
eps=0 you can finally do D-\>4 to get the 4D result.  

As for automatizing the evaluation:  

\<https://github.com/FeynCalc/feynhelpers\>  

$LoadAddOns = {"FeynHelpers"};  
<<FeynCalc\`  

...  

res = TID[ampF1, k, UsePaVeBasis -\> True, ToPaVe -\> True]  
res2 = PaXEvaluate[res, PaXImplicitPrefactor -\> 1/(2 Pi)^D]  

DotSimplify[res2 /. D -\> 4]  

This is the raw (unrenormalized) result (Package-X uses D=4-2Epsilon,  
keep that in mind\!).  
As I wrote before, gamma^5 in the BMHV scheme normally requires a  
special counter term that you should work out separately.  

Cheers,  
Vladyslav  

*\>*  
*\> Thanks again,*  
*\> Duarte*  
*\>*  
*\>*  
*\>*  

-----

  - **Next message:** [V. Shtabovenko: "Re: Gamma5 in D
    dimensions"](1380.html)
  - **Previous message:** [Duarte: "Gamma5 in D dimensions"](1378.html)
  - **In reply to:** [Duarte: "Gamma5 in D dimensions"](1378.html)
  - **Next in thread:** [Duarte: "Gamma5 in D dimensions"](1383.html)

-----

