**Name:** Hiren Patel
**Date:** 01/19/18-03:13:50 AM Z

  - **Next message:** [Duarte: "Gamma5 in D dimensions"](1383.html)
  - **Previous message:** [Adrian: "Re: Gamma5 in D
    dimensions"](1381.html)
  - **In reply to:** [V. Shtabovenko: "Re: Gamma5 in D
    dimensions"](1376.html)
  - **Next in thread:** [Duarte: "Gamma5 in D dimensions"](1378.html)

-----

Hi Vladyslav, Duarte and others,  

Recently, I started to receive these emails from this thread, and it
took me a while to realize when and why it was happening\! It’s nice
to see these messages since it’s a convenient way to see what people
are working on, and, more importantly, how they employ computer algebra
software like FeynCalc for their work. Anyway, I am responding here
because I think that I might be able to provide some assistance to folks
like Duarte, who I think are interested in quickly obtaining explicit
results to one loop integrals with as little hassle as possible.  

For this, I would like to offer a rather new Mathematica application,
Package-X (packagex.hepforge.org, see also
packagex.hepforge.org/primer-2.1.1.pdf), of which I am an author, and
which is designed to do just that. Since Package-X is much less
elaborate than FeynCalc, its functions are less finicky and there is
less setting up. Indeed, each of Duarte’s integrals can be done in one
line (see attached), with the explicit result (UV divergent and finite
parts) obtained in naive dimensional regularization.  

Sure, naive dimensional regularization is inconsistent. But at one-loop
order, its inconsistencies affect just a few handful of one loop
integrals. And for such integrals (like the VVA triangle), it is easy
enough to enforce necessary Ward identities by hand, and I provide a
tutorial that explains how to do it,
packagex.hepforge.org/Documentation/HTML/X/tutorial/AdlersMethod.html.
It think the benefits of its simplicity outweigh the complications
brought in by other schemes, at least at one loop order.  

Now I emphasize that Package-X is significantly more limited in scope
than FeynCalc, especially for higher order calculations. For more
involved calculations which makes heavy use of FeynCalc machinery, it is
more practical to mainly use FeynCalc, and then to link it to Package-X
through FeynHelpers (github.com/FeynCalc/feynhelpers, and also
packagex.hepforge.org/Documentation/HTML/X/tutorial/LinkingToFeynCalc.html)
to obtain explicit results to one loop integrals.  

While I understand that it might not be appropriate to advertise another
Mathematica package on this forum, I do think it complements FeynCalc
well, and that users like Duarte might find it quite convenient\!  

Happy computing,  
\-Hiren Patel  

-----

  - **Next message:** [Duarte: "Gamma5 in D dimensions"](1383.html)
  - **Previous message:** [Adrian: "Re: Gamma5 in D
    dimensions"](1381.html)
  - **In reply to:** [V. Shtabovenko: "Re: Gamma5 in D
    dimensions"](1376.html)
  - **Next in thread:** [Duarte: "Gamma5 in D dimensions"](1378.html)

-----

