**Name:** Pedro
**Date:** 02/27/18-08:29:51 PM Z

  - **Next message:** [ä½•å¿—å›: "I am on holiday Re: Problem in
    Calculating matrix element"](1391.html)
  - **Previous message:** [Vladyslav Shtabovenko: "Re: Scalar products
    are not substituted in denominators"](1389.html)
  - **Next in thread:** [V. Shtabovenko: "Re: Problem in Calculating
    matrix element"](1392.html)
  - **Reply:** [V. Shtabovenko: "Re: Problem in Calculating matrix
    element"](1392.html)
  - **Reply:** [Aliaksandr Dubrouski: "Re: Problem in Calculating matrix
    element"](1393.html)
  - **Reply:** [Aliaksandr Dubrouski: "Re: Problem in Calculating matrix
    element"](1394.html)

-----

Dear all,  

I am calculating a simple diagram and the program is returning the wrong
answer.  

I have looked up my code thousand times and I don't think it has an
error (plus I run the EWMuonDecayTree example and it gave me the same
wrong answer....)  

Is this a bug or am I missing something very trivial?  

The proble is the following:  

I am calculating the muon decay matrix element, using the following
code:  

(\* Beging of the code \*)  

(\*This is Gf/Sqrt[2]Overscript[u,
\_](p3)\\[Gamma]^a(1-\\[Gamma]^5)u(p1) (muon curent)
\*)  

j\\[Mu] = Gf/Sqrt[2]\*Spinor[p3,
0].GA[a].(1 - GA[5]).Spinor[p1,
m\\[Mu]];  

(\*This is Gf/Sqrt[2]Overscript[u,
\_](p4)\\[Gamma]^a(1-\\[Gamma]^5)v(p2) (electron
curent) \*)  

je = Gf/Sqrt[2] Spinor[p4, me].GA[b].(1 -
GA[5]).Spinor[-p2, 0];  

(\*This is to contract the \\[Gamma] matrices\*)  

M = (j\\[Mu] MT[a, b] je // Contract);  

(\* Matrix element \<|M|^2\>. Should be 64 Gf^2 (p1.p2)(p3.p4), see e.g.
Griffths \*)  

FermionSpinSum[M\*ComplexConjugate[M]] /. DiracTrace -\>
TR  

(\*End of the code \*)  

The result it is giving is: 64 Gf^2 (p1.p3)(p2.p4) and not the well
known 64 Gf^2 (p1.p2)(p3.p4).  

Now, if I run the EWMuonDecayTree example, it will show in the last
line  

Check with the Okun, Chapter 3.2:CORRECT.  

But only because it is checking the final total decay rate and not the
intermediate step (by lucky, it gave the correct result). If you run the
EWMuonDecayTree, in the third output, after the Feynman Diagram, you
will find the equivalent expression. Notice that the program gives
\~(k.q1)(p.q2) which should be \~(k.q2)(p.q1)  

I am currently using version 9.2.0 and I also tested it on 8.2.0 and it
gave the same results.  

Is there something wrong with my code and the example?  

thanks  

-----

  - **Next message:** [ä½•å¿—å›: "I am on holiday Re: Problem in
    Calculating matrix element"](1391.html)
  - **Previous message:** [Vladyslav Shtabovenko: "Re: Scalar products
    are not substituted in denominators"](1389.html)
  - **Next in thread:** [V. Shtabovenko: "Re: Problem in Calculating
    matrix element"](1392.html)
  - **Reply:** [V. Shtabovenko: "Re: Problem in Calculating matrix
    element"](1392.html)
  - **Reply:** [Aliaksandr Dubrouski: "Re: Problem in Calculating matrix
    element"](1393.html)
  - **Reply:** [Aliaksandr Dubrouski: "Re: Problem in Calculating matrix
    element"](1394.html)

-----

