**Name:** V. Shtabovenko
**Date:** 03/09/18-06:15:59 AM Z

  - **Next message:** [Selcuk: "Levi-Civita with three
    indices"](1396.html)
  - **Previous message:** [Aliaksandr Dubrouski: "Re: Problem in
    Calculating matrix element"](1394.html)
  - **In reply to:** [Aliaksandr Dubrouski: "Re: Problem in Calculating
    matrix element"](1394.html)

-----

Hi,  

just to avoid the confusion: Aliaksandr is right regarding the  
calculation of Pedro. My previous e-mail only concerned the muon  
decay example in FeynCalc 9.2 that gave incorrect amplitude squared.  

Apart from that, the mistake of forgetting to rename dummy indices  
when squaring an expression is unfortunately quite common among  
beginners.  

As I have already mentioned it several times on this  
mailing list, for performance reasons FeynCalc usually does not check  
if an expression contains dummy indices that violate Einstein's  
convention. BTW, with FORM it is the same, you can write something  
like  

off statistics;  
Indices mu,nu,rho,si;  
CFunction f1,g1,f2,g2;  
L exp1=f1(mu,nu)\*g1(mu,nu);  
L exp2=f2(mu,nu)\*g2(mu,nu);  
L res= exp1\*exp2;  
print res;  
.sort  
sum mu,nu;  
print res;  
.end  

and FORM will not complain about it. Having said that, the development  
version of FeynCalc does contain some improvements to mitigate such
issues  

1\) ComplexConjugate now automatically applies FCRenameDummyIndices.
This  
is why the above mentioned muon decay calculation that I "backported"  
from the development version did not work properly in FeynCalc 9.2.  

2\) There is a new function called FCCheckSyntax  

?FCCheckSyntax  

FCCheckSyntax[expr] attempts to detect mistakes and
inconsistencies in  
the user input. The function returns the original expression but will  
abort the evaluation if it thinks that the input is incorrect.  

Notice that false positives are possible and it is not guaranteed that  
the input which passes FCCheckSyntax is indeed fully correct.  

FCCheckSyntax is also an option for several FeynCalc routines. If set
to  
True, those functions will try to check the syntax of the input  
expressions to detect possible inconsistencies. However, on large  
expressions such checks may cost a lot of performance, which is why
this  
option is set to False by default.  

which can prevent the given problem  

j\\[Mu] = Gf/Sqrt[2]\*Spinor[p3,
0].GA[a].(1 - GA[5]).Spinor[p1,
m\\[Mu]];  
je = Gf/Sqrt[2] Spinor[p4, me].GA[b].(1 -
GA[5]).Spinor[-p2, 0];  
M = (j\\[Mu] MT[a, b] je // Contract);  
FermionSpinSum[M\*ComplexConjugate[M]] //
FCCheckSyntax  

FCCheckSyntax::failmsg: Error\! FCCheckSyntax has found an
inconsistency  
in your input expression and must abort the evaluation. The problem  
reads: More than two repeating indices in \<\<2030\>\>  

Cheers,  
Vladyslav  

Am 28.02.2018 um 06:49 schrieb Aliaksandr Dubrouski:  
*\> 2Pedro,*  
*\>*  
*\> Btw. do not forget to rename Lorentz indices in the conjugated
matrix*  
*\> element after contraction from a to b.*  
*\>*  
*\> 2018-02-27 22:29 GMT+03:00 Pedro
\<[noreply_at_HIDDEN-E-MAIL]*  
*\>
\<mailto:[noreply_at_HIDDEN-E-MAIL]\>\>:*  
*\>*  
*\> Dear all,*  
*\>*  
*\> I am calculating a simple diagram and the program is returning
the*  
*\> wrong answer.*  
*\>*  
*\> I have looked up my code thousand times and I don't think it has
an*  
*\> error (plus I run the EWMuonDecayTree example and it gave me the*  
*\> same wrong answer....)*  
*\>*  
*\> Is this a bug or am I missing something very trivial?*  
*\>*  
*\> The proble is the following:*  
*\>*  
*\> I am calculating the muon decay matrix element, using the
following*  
*\> code:*  
*\>*  
*\> (\* Beging of the code \*)*  
*\>*  
*\>*  
*\> (\*This is Gf/Sqrt[2]Overscript[u,*  
*\> \_](p3)\\[Gamma]^a(1-\\[Gamma]^5)u(p1) (muon
curent)  \*)*  
*\>*  
*\> j\\[Mu] = Gf/Sqrt[2]\*Spinor[p3,
0].GA[a].(1 - GA[5]).Spinor[p1,
m\\[Mu]];*  
*\>*  
*\>*  
*\> (\*This is Gf/Sqrt[2]Overscript[u,*  
*\> \_](p4)\\[Gamma]^a(1-\\[Gamma]^5)v(p2) (electron
curent)  \*)*  
*\>*  
*\> je = Gf/Sqrt[2] Spinor[p4, me].GA[b].(1 -
GA[5]).Spinor[-p2, 0];*  
*\>*  
*\>*  
*\> (\*This is to contract the \\[Gamma] matrices\*)*  
*\>*  
*\> M = (j\\[Mu] MT[a, b] je // Contract);*  
*\>*  
*\>*  
*\> (\* Matrix element \<|M|^2\>. Should be 64 Gf^2 (p1.p2)(p3.p4),
see*  
*\> e.g. Griffths \*)*  
*\>*  
*\> FermionSpinSum[M\*ComplexConjugate[M]] /. DiracTrace
-\> TR*  
*\>*  
*\>*  
*\> (\*End of the code \*)*  
*\>*  
*\>*  
*\> The result it is giving is: 64 Gf^2 (p1.p3)(p2.p4) and not the
well*  
*\> known 64 Gf^2 (p1.p2)(p3.p4).*  
*\>*  
*\>*  
*\> Now, if I run the EWMuonDecayTree example, it will show in the last
line*  
*\>*  
*\> Check with the Okun, Chapter 3.2:CORRECT.*  
*\>*  
*\> But only because it is checking the final total decay rate and
not*  
*\> the intermediate step (by lucky, it gave the correct result). 
If*  
*\> you run the EWMuonDecayTree, in the third output, after the
Feynman*  
*\> Diagram, you will find the equivalent expression. Notice that the*  
*\> program gives \~(k.q1)(p.q2) which should be \~(k.q2)(p.q1)*  
*\>*  
*\>*  
*\> I am currently using version 9.2.0 and I also tested it on 8.2.0
and*  
*\> it gave the same results.*  
*\>*  
*\> Is there something wrong with my code and the example?*  
*\>*  
*\>*  
*\> thanks*  
*\>*  
*\>*  
*\>*  
*\>*  
*\> --*  
*\> Regards,*  
*\>             Aliaksandr Dubrouski*  

-----

  - **Next message:** [Selcuk: "Levi-Civita with three
    indices"](1396.html)
  - **Previous message:** [Aliaksandr Dubrouski: "Re: Problem in
    Calculating matrix element"](1394.html)
  - **In reply to:** [Aliaksandr Dubrouski: "Re: Problem in Calculating
    matrix element"](1394.html)

-----

