**Name:** V. Shtabovenko
**Date:** 07/25/18-04:22:46 PM Z

  - **Next message:** [Constantin : "Solve equation of motion with
    Dirac-fermions?"](1424.html)
  - **Previous message:** [V. Shtabovenko: "Re: Adding width to
    propagators"](1422.html)

-----

Dear FeynCalc users,  

let me announce a change in the default behavior of DiracaSimplify
that  
has been introduced in the development version. From now on, when  
applied to expressions that  
contain Dirac traces, DiracSimplify will evaluate them automatically.  

This was already possible since some time by setting the option  
DiracTraceEvaluate to True, but the default value of this option was  
False. Now it is set to True by default.  
The obvious advantage is that expressions with traces should be now  
simplified in a faster and more efficient way. Consider, for example  

expr = DiracTrace[(mU + GSD[l - p1 - p2 - p3]).(I EL
GAD[Lor3]).(mU +  
       GSD[l - p3]).(I EL GAD[Lor1]).(mU +  
       GSD[k]).(-((I EL mU)/(2 mX)))]
Spinor[Momentum[p1, D], 0,  
     1].(I EL GAD[Lor2]).Spinor[-Momentum[p2,
D], 0, 1] FVD[  
    Polarization[p3, -I, Transversality -\> True], Lor1]
MTD[Lor2, Lor3]  

Normally, you would probably do something like  

(expr /. DiracTrace -\> Tr) // DiracSimplify //Contract //
DiracSimplify  

to obtain the maximally simplified version of this expression.
However,  
now it is sufficient to run just  

DiracSimplify[expr]  

which is not only simpler but also faster.  

If for some reason you need to recover the old behavior, just use  

SetOptions[DiracSimplify, DiracTraceEvaluate -\> False]  

at the beginning of you code.  

Cheers,  
Vladyslav  

-----

  - **Next message:** [Constantin : "Solve equation of motion with
    Dirac-fermions?"](1424.html)
  - **Previous message:** [V. Shtabovenko: "Re: Adding width to
    propagators"](1422.html)

-----

