**Name:** Yasemin
**Date:** 09/18/18-05:08:53 PM Z

  - **Next message:** [V. Shtabovenko: "Re: Issue with Levi-Civita and
    Gamma5"](1432.html)
  - **Previous message:** [Mr.Chen: "gamma matrix with bar"](1430.html)
  - **Next in thread:** [V. Shtabovenko: "Re: Issue with Levi-Civita and
    Gamma5"](1432.html)
  - **Reply:** [V. Shtabovenko: "Re: Issue with Levi-Civita and
    Gamma5"](1432.html)
  - **Maybe reply:** [Yasemin: "Issue with Levi-Civita and
    Gamma5"](1433.html)

-----

Hello,  

I have problems calculating of rho-pion-nucleon triangle loop diagram  
in FeynCalc. An error message appears like "Error\! DiracTrick has  
encountered a fatal problem and must abort the computation. The  
problem reads: Incorrect combination of dimensions and g^5 scheme\!  
*\>\>". I believe it is because of the problem with dimensional*  
regularisation of Levi-Civita and gamma5. I have read the previous  
writings related with this issue. In the case of using BMHV scheme  
calculation of counter terms was recommended for an amplitude  
including trace of gamma matrices. In the amplitude that I try to  
calculate there is no trace actually. Is that mean I can use BMHV  
scheme without calculation of some counter terms separately?  

I may have asked an unreasonable question. Are there any other  
suggestions to solve the problem?  

Thank you very much for the support in advance\!  

-----

  - **Next message:** [V. Shtabovenko: "Re: Issue with Levi-Civita and
    Gamma5"](1432.html)
  - **Previous message:** [Mr.Chen: "gamma matrix with bar"](1430.html)
  - **Next in thread:** [V. Shtabovenko: "Re: Issue with Levi-Civita and
    Gamma5"](1432.html)
  - **Reply:** [V. Shtabovenko: "Re: Issue with Levi-Civita and
    Gamma5"](1432.html)
  - **Maybe reply:** [Yasemin: "Issue with Levi-Civita and
    Gamma5"](1433.html)

-----

