**Name:** V. Shtabovenko
**Date:** 09/20/18-04:17:26 PM Z

  - **Next message:** [Yasemin: "Issue with Levi-Civita and
    Gamma5"](1433.html)
  - **Previous message:** [Yasemin: "Issue with Levi-Civita and
    Gamma5"](1431.html)
  - **In reply to:** [Yasemin: "Issue with Levi-Civita and
    Gamma5"](1431.html)
  - **Next in thread:** [Yasemin: "Issue with Levi-Civita and
    Gamma5"](1433.html)

-----

Hi,  

if there are no Dirac traces, or the number of g^5 matrices in each
trace  
is even, you can also use the conventional dimension regularization  
(CDR). However,  
you must ensure that your input expression is purely D-dimensional,  
including  
spinors and polarization vectors. In CDR everything is evaluated in  
D-dimensions  
and there are no 4-dimensional quantities, until you evaluate all the  
integrals and  
take the limit D-\>4.  

This is why FeynCalc does not allow you to mix D and 4 dimensional  
objects unless you are using the BMHV scheme. Even expressions like  

DiracSimplify[GA[i].GSD[p].GA[i]]  

will lead to errors, since in CDR it must be  

DiracSimplify[GAD[i].GSD[p].GAD[i]]  

There is a good reason for that, since in the past people often were  
sloppy with the dimensions and then complained about wrong results.  

I suppose that in your input expression there are some 4-dimensional  
objects that lead to this error. If you correct that, the error
message  
should disappear.  

Cheers,  
Vladyslav  

Am 18.09.18 um 23:08 schrieb Yasemin:  
*\> Hello,*  
*\>*  
*\> I have problems calculating of rho-pion-nucleon triangle loop
diagram*  
*\> in FeynCalc. An error message appears like "Error\! DiracTrick
has*  
*\> encountered a fatal problem and must abort the computation. The*  
*\> problem reads: Incorrect combination of dimensions and g^5
scheme\!*  
*\>\>\> ". I believe it is because of the problem with dimensional*  
*\> regularisation of Levi-Civita and gamma5. I have read the
previous*  
*\> writings related with this issue. In the case of using BMHV
scheme*  
*\> calculation of counter terms was recommended for an amplitude*  
*\> including trace of gamma matrices. In the amplitude that I try to*  
*\> calculate there is no trace actually. Is that mean I can use BMHV*  
*\> scheme without calculation of some counter terms separately?*  
*\>*  
*\> I may have asked an unreasonable question. Are there any other*  
*\> suggestions to solve the problem?*  
*\>*  
*\> Thank you very much for the support in advance\!*  
*\>*  

-----

  - **Next message:** [Yasemin: "Issue with Levi-Civita and
    Gamma5"](1433.html)
  - **Previous message:** [Yasemin: "Issue with Levi-Civita and
    Gamma5"](1431.html)
  - **In reply to:** [Yasemin: "Issue with Levi-Civita and
    Gamma5"](1431.html)
  - **Next in thread:** [Yasemin: "Issue with Levi-Civita and
    Gamma5"](1433.html)

-----

