**Name:** V. Shtabovenko
**Date:** 10/31/18-08:09:52 AM Z

  - **Next message:** [V. Shtabovenko: "Re:
    chargeconjugationmatrix"](1443.html)
  - **Previous message:** [Purnendu Chakraborty: "(no
    subject)"](1441.html)
  - **In reply to:** [Purnendu Chakraborty: "(no subject)"](1441.html)

-----

You can define custom tensors, cf. for example  

https://mathematica.stackexchange.com/questions/148680/defining-a-two-index-field-in-feyncalc  

but those normally do not care about any special properties. Although  
you can of course add those properties (e.g. symmetries or special  
behavior when contracted with particular vectors) "by hand". The  
decompositions would need some user defined functions, though.  

There is for example a toy addon FVProjection that implements the  
decomposition of a 4-vector into transverse and longitudinal
components  
along the direction of the given vector  

$LoadAddOns = {"FVProjection"};  
<<FeynCalc\`  

FVProjectionL[x, mu, p, Dimension -\> D]  

FVProjectionT[x, mu, p, Dimension -\> D]  

Another useful example is the function LorentzToCartesian in the  
development version  
that decomposes Lorentz tensors into their temporal and spatial
components:  

https://github.com/FeynCalc/feyncalc/blob/master/FeynCalc/Lorentz/LorentzToCartesian.m  

I believe that with some will and motivation you can write the stuff
you  
need along these lines.  

Cheers,  
Vladyslav  

Am 22.10.18 um 17:02 schrieb Purnendu Chakraborty:  
*\> I missed this response to my old question. I am looking forward to
see this implementation. Thank you for your great works.*  
*\>*  
*\> I have also some suggestion. Is it possible for an user to define
new objects and corresponding algebra without touching internal
structures of FeynCalc? For example, metric tensor in (t,z) or (x, y)*  
*\> space :*  
*\> g\_\\par^{\\mu\\nu} = diag(1, 0, 0, -1), g\_\\perp^{\\mu\\nu} =
diag(0, -1, -1, 0)*  
*\> such that*  
*\> g^{\\mu\\nu} = g\_\\par^{\\mu\\nu} + g\_\\perp^{\\mu\\nu}*  
*\>*  
*\> Four vectors and Gamma matrices are decomposed accordingly. These
structures appear in QFT calculation in presence of a background
magnetic field.*  
*\>*  
*\>*  
*\>*  

-----

  - **Next message:** [V. Shtabovenko: "Re:
    chargeconjugationmatrix"](1443.html)
  - **Previous message:** [Purnendu Chakraborty: "(no
    subject)"](1441.html)
  - **In reply to:** [Purnendu Chakraborty: "(no subject)"](1441.html)

-----

