**Name:** V. Shtabovenko
**Date:** 02/06/19-08:32:53 PM Z

  - **Next message:** [J. Romao: "Error in OneLoop"](1457.html)
  - **Previous message:** [TheDude: "Derivatives in
    Feyncalc"](1455.html)
  - **In reply to:** [TheDude: "Derivatives in Feyncalc"](1455.html)

-----

Hi,  

first of all, I'm afraid that you are expecting a bit too much of  
the partial derivatives implemented in FeynCalc. One of the main  
(original) reasons for introducing them was to have some functionality  
for deriving Feynman rules from certain types of Lagrangians or
operators.  
Unfortunately, it never really evolved to something more than  
what Rolf, Frederik and myself eventually encountered in our research.  

Moreover, the derivation of Feynman rules can be nowadays conveniently
done  
in FeynRules, so there is not much popular demand to improve on what
is  
already  
in FeynCalc.  

Now regarding your questions.  

1\)  

You can explicitly specify the commutator and anticommutators of
arbitrary  
noncommutative objects that would be taken into account by
DotSimplify.  
However,  
while doing this example I realized that the corresponding
functionality  
was not  
working for patterns. This should be now fixed. Please reinstall  
FeynCalc the same  
way you installed it and try  
{% raw %}
(\*original behavior\*)  
DotSimplify[  
  ExpandPartialD[QuantumField[A].QuantumField[A].LeftPartialD[nu]]]  

(\*after we specify that A-fields and their derivatives commute \*)  
Commutator[QuantumField[FCPartialD[LorentzIndex[xxx\_]],
A],  
    QuantumField[A]] = 0;  

  DotSimplify[  
  ExpandPartialD[QuantumField[A].QuantumField[A].LeftPartialD[nu]]]  
{% endraw %}
Another thing I realized, is that after having set the
(anti)commutator,  
there is no convenient way to unset it, unless one filters the  
DownValues of Commutator and AntiCommutator by hand. So I added  
UnDeclareCommutator and UnDeclareAntiCommutator to the development
version.  
Unfortunately, this will not go into the stable version, since it by  
definition  
may receive only bugfixes but not new features.  

2\)  

FeynCalc does not natively support working with expressions that
contain  
explicit  
matrices. There are just too many ambiguities that one can run into
and  
I'm not  
particularly enthusiastic about adding extra layers of complexity to  
account for that.  
For example, if you have something like  
{% raw %}
A.{{a, b}, {c, d}}.B  
{% endraw %}
then the code must explicitly know whether A and B are scalars
(possibly  
noncommuting ones) or just shortcuts for other 2x2 matrices. Matrices  
can also live in different spaces (like color and Dirac) which is  
important to determine whether they commute or not. This is why users  
who want to use explicit matrices usually cook up some extra code to  
account for that. Something like  
{% raw %}
ex = Map[DOT[RightPartialD[mu], \#] &,
{{QuantumField[A1]^2,  
     QuantumField[A2]^2}, {QuantumField[A3]^2,  
     QuantumField[A4]^2}}, {2}]  
ExpandPartialD[ex]  

3\)  
{% endraw %}
FCPartialD is not an end-user function. It is an internal marker that  
appears inside  
QuantumFields to denote that they are differentiated w.r.t something.  
Instead of  
{% raw %}
ExpandPartialD[FCPartialD[\\[Nu]].(QuantumField[A].QuantumField[A])]  
{% endraw %}
you should write  
{% raw %}
ExpandPartialD[RightPartialD[\\[Nu]].(QuantumField[A].QuantumField[A])]  
{% endraw %}
Cheers,  
Vladyslav  

Am 30.01.19 um 11:29 schrieb TheDude:  
*\> I have encountered several problems regarding the application of
formal derivative operators in FeynCalc, using the built-in function
FCPartialD, Left/RightPartialD.*  
*\>*  
*\> I have difficulties in displaying the Tex on this forum, so I am
linking the question I posted on mathematica stack exchange:*  
*\>*  
*\>
https://mathematica.stackexchange.com/questions/190481/abstract-derivatives-in-feyncalc*  
*\>*  

-----

  - **Next message:** [J. Romao: "Error in OneLoop"](1457.html)
  - **Previous message:** [TheDude: "Derivatives in
    Feyncalc"](1455.html)
  - **In reply to:** [TheDude: "Derivatives in Feyncalc"](1455.html)

-----

