**Name:** Vitaly Magerya
**Date:** 03/08/19-04:39:49 PM Z

  - **Next message:** [V. Shtabovenko: "Re: Fermion flavors imported
    from FeynArts use the same SU(N) as the colors; what to
    do?"](1490.html)
  - **Previous message:** [V. Shtabovenko: "Re: regularization
    scheme"](1488.html)
  - **Next in thread:** [V. Shtabovenko: "Re: Fermion flavors imported
    from FeynArts use the same SU(N) as the colors; what to
    do?"](1490.html)
  - **Reply:** [V. Shtabovenko: "Re: Fermion flavors imported from
    FeynArts use the same SU(N) as the colors; what to do?"](1490.html)
  - **Maybe reply:** [Vitaly Magerya: "Re: Fermion flavors imported from
    FeynArts use the same SU(N) as the colors; what to do?"](1491.html)

-----

Hi, folks. If you'll generate am amplitude involving a sum over  
quark flavors in FeynArts, e.g. photon -\> q qbar:  

    $LoadFeynArts = True;  
    <<FeynCalc\`;  
    topologies = CreateTopologies[0, 1 -\> 2, ExcludeTopologies -\>
{Tadpoles}];  
    diagrams = InsertFields[topologies,  
      {V[1]} -\> {F[3], -F[3]},  
      InsertionLevel -\> {Classes},  
      Model -\> "SMQCD"  
    ];  
    amplitude = FCFAConvert[CreateFeynAmp[diagrams],  
      IncomingMomenta -\> {q},  
      OutgoingMomenta -\> {k1, k2},  
      UndoChiralSplittings -\> True,  
      ChangeDimension -\> d,  
      List -\> False,  
      SMP -\> True  
    ]/.{MQU[\_] -\> 0, MQD[\_] -\> 0,
SMP["m\_u"] -\> 0}  

... then you'll get these factors in the amplitude:  
    SumOver[Index[Generation, 2], 3, External]  
    SUNFDelta[SUNFIndex[Index[Generation, 2]],
SUNFIndex[Index[Generation, 3]]]  

Now, trying to calculate the matrix element as:  
    amplitude\*ComplexConjugate[FCRenameDummyIndices[amplitude]]
// SUNSimplify,  

... that factor is immediately turned into CA==SUNN. This would  
have made sense, except that this should be the number of  
generations, not colors. NF/2, maybe?  

A related observation: fermion loops imported from FeynArts don't  
even have SUNFDelta's related to generation indices at all, they  
only have a SumOver.  

So, my question is: how exactly do you deal with fermion flavor  
sums? I mean it's easy to fix these two examples manually, but at  
e.g. 2 loops, there are more elaborate combinations of SumOver  
and SUNFDelta that may appear. Should I try to untangle them  
manually?  

-----

  - **Next message:** [V. Shtabovenko: "Re: Fermion flavors imported
    from FeynArts use the same SU(N) as the colors; what to
    do?"](1490.html)
  - **Previous message:** [V. Shtabovenko: "Re: regularization
    scheme"](1488.html)
  - **Next in thread:** [V. Shtabovenko: "Re: Fermion flavors imported
    from FeynArts use the same SU(N) as the colors; what to
    do?"](1490.html)
  - **Reply:** [V. Shtabovenko: "Re: Fermion flavors imported from
    FeynArts use the same SU(N) as the colors; what to do?"](1490.html)
  - **Maybe reply:** [Vitaly Magerya: "Re: Fermion flavors imported from
    FeynArts use the same SU(N) as the colors; what to do?"](1491.html)

-----

