**Name:** V. Shtabovenko
**Date:** 03/09/19-02:09:26 PM Z

  - **Next message:** [Vitaly Magerya: "Re: Fermion flavors imported
    from FeynArts use the same SU(N) as the colors; what to
    do?"](1491.html)
  - **Previous message:** [Vitaly Magerya: "Fermion flavors imported
    from FeynArts use the same SU(N) as the colors; what to
    do?"](1489.html)
  - **In reply to:** [Vitaly Magerya: "Fermion flavors imported from
    FeynArts use the same SU(N) as the colors; what to do?"](1489.html)
  - **Next in thread:** [Vitaly Magerya: "Re: Fermion flavors imported
    from FeynArts use the same SU(N) as the colors; what to
    do?"](1491.html)

-----

Hi Vitaly,  

thanks for your mail. Of course, only an IndexDelta in the color space  
should be converted to SUNDelta or SUNFDelta. Every other IndexDelta  
must be left untouched. In fact, this bug was fixed already in 2017,  

\<https://github.com/FeynCalc/feyncalc/commit/ebaa25046da49fbf5ba3d8881776eaddee9def20\>  

but for some unknown reason the fix did not make it into the stable  
version. I've just added it to the hotfix-stable branch via
cherry-pick.  

To be honest, I personally prefer to handle those things manually
(using  
FORM, color.h and a QCD model with 2 flavors only), but one certainly  
should be able to do it in a more automatic fashion. If you want to  
evaluate those sums over the flavors using your code I'd do the
following:  

diagrams =  
   InsertFields[topologies, {V[1]} -\> {F[3],
-F[3]},  
    InsertionLevel -\> {Classes}, Model -\> "SMQCD"];  
amplitude =  
  FCFAConvert[CreateFeynAmp[diagrams], IncomingMomenta -\>
{q},  
    OutgoingMomenta -\> {k1, k2}, UndoChiralSplittings -\> True,  
    ChangeDimension -\> d, List -\> False, SMP -\> True,  
    DropSumOver -\> False] /. {MQU[\_] -\> 0,
MQD[\_] -\> 0,  
    SMP["m\_u"] -\> 0, SumOver[(SUNFIndex |
SUNIndex)[\_\_], \_\_\_] :\> 1}  

The reason I want to get rid of sums over color indices is that they  
violate Einstein's convention and hence confuse SUNSimplify. The sums  
over the flavors, however, remain in the expression.  

Now doing  

amplitude\*ComplexConjugate[FCRenameDummyIndices[amplitude]
/.  
SumOver[\_\_] :\> 1] // Contract // SUNSimplify // FCE  

yields  

(4\*CA\*Spinor[Momentum[k1, d], 0, 1] .  
DiracGamma[Momentum[Polarization[q, I], d], d] .
Spinor[-Momentum[k2,  
d], 0, 1]\*  
   Spinor[-Momentum[k2, d], 0, 1] .
DiracGamma[Momentum[Polarization[q,  
\-I], d], d] . Spinor[Momentum[k1, d], 0,
1]\*  
   IndexDelta[Index[Generation, 2], Index[Generation,  
3]]\*SMP["e"]^2\*SumOver[Index[Generation,
2], 3, External]\*  
   SumOver[Index[Generation, 3], 3, External])/9  

At this point you can write some simple code to sum over  

SumOver[Index[Generation, 2], 3, External]\*  
   SumOver[Index[Generation, 3], 3,  
External]\*IndexDelta[Index[Generation, 2],
Index[Generation, 3]]  

and get your Nf.  

Notice that FeynArts defines  

IndexDelta[FeynArts\`Insert\`ind\_\_]^\_?Positive^:=IndexDelta[FeynArts\`Insert\`ind]  

for IndexDelta but there is nothing similar for SumOver. This is why I  
set all SumOver to unity in the conjugated amplitude to avoid double  
counting.  

Hope this helps.  

Cheers,  
Vladyslav  

Am 08.03.19 um 23:39 schrieb Vitaly Magerya:  
*\> Hi, folks. If you'll generate am amplitude involving a sum over
quark*  
*\> flavors in FeynArts, e.g. photon -\> q qbar:*  
*\>*  
*\> $LoadFeynArts = True; <<FeynCalc\`; topologies =
CreateTopologies[0,*  
*\> 1 -\> 2, ExcludeTopologies -\> {Tadpoles}]; diagrams =*  
*\> InsertFields[topologies, {V[1]} -\> {F[3],
-F[3]}, InsertionLevel -\>*  
*\> {Classes}, Model -\> "SMQCD" ]; amplitude =*  
*\> FCFAConvert[CreateFeynAmp[diagrams], IncomingMomenta -\>
{q},*  
*\> OutgoingMomenta -\> {k1, k2}, UndoChiralSplittings -\> True,*  
*\> ChangeDimension -\> d, List -\> False, SMP -\> True
]/.{MQU[\_] -\> 0,*  
*\> MQD[\_] -\> 0, SMP["m\_u"] -\> 0}*  
*\>*  
*\> ... then you'll get these factors in the amplitude:*  
*\> SumOver[Index[Generation, 2], 3, External]*  
*\> SUNFDelta[SUNFIndex[Index[Generation, 2]],*  
*\> SUNFIndex[Index[Generation, 3]]]*  
*\>*  
*\> Now, trying to calculate the matrix element as:*  
*\>
amplitude\*ComplexConjugate[FCRenameDummyIndices[amplitude]]
//*  
*\> SUNSimplify,*  
*\>*  
*\> ... that factor is immediately turned into CA==SUNN. This would
have*  
*\> made sense, except that this should be the number of generations,*  
*\> not colors. NF/2, maybe?*  
*\>*  
*\> A related observation: fermion loops imported from FeynArts don't*  
*\> even have SUNFDelta's related to generation indices at all, they
only*  
*\> have a SumOver.*  
*\>*  
*\> So, my question is: how exactly do you deal with fermion flavor
sums?*  
*\> I mean it's easy to fix these two examples manually, but at e.g.
2*  
*\> loops, there are more elaborate combinations of SumOver and
SUNFDelta*  
*\> that may appear. Should I try to untangle them manually?*  
*\>*  

-----

  - **Next message:** [Vitaly Magerya: "Re: Fermion flavors imported
    from FeynArts use the same SU(N) as the colors; what to
    do?"](1491.html)
  - **Previous message:** [Vitaly Magerya: "Fermion flavors imported
    from FeynArts use the same SU(N) as the colors; what to
    do?"](1489.html)
  - **In reply to:** [Vitaly Magerya: "Fermion flavors imported from
    FeynArts use the same SU(N) as the colors; what to do?"](1489.html)
  - **Next in thread:** [Vitaly Magerya: "Re: Fermion flavors imported
    from FeynArts use the same SU(N) as the colors; what to
    do?"](1491.html)

-----

