**Name:** V. Shtabovenko
**Date:** 03/11/19-09:55:54 AM Z

  - **Next message:** [Timofey: "Contract and Levi-Civita"](1493.html)
  - **Previous message:** [Vitaly Magerya: "Re: Fermion flavors imported
    from FeynArts use the same SU(N) as the colors; what to
    do?"](1491.html)
  - **In reply to:** [Vitaly Magerya: "Re: Fermion flavors imported from
    FeynArts use the same SU(N) as the colors; what to do?"](1491.html)

-----

Hi Vitaly,  

if you want to be completely general, then you indeed  
will have to handle the internal summations before squaring  
the amplitude. Even if there are no IndexDeltas with interal indices ,  
you can still have e.g. quark propagators with masses that depend on a  
generation index. I think this is also mentioned on p.43 of the
FeynArts  
manual.  

I'm also not sure if IndexDeltas with interal indices exist in  
principle, but perhaps you could just write Thomas an email asking
about  
that.  

Another possibility is to study the corresponding code lines in  
FormCalc, since it obviously must know how to handle all those  
summations in a proper way.  

I'm always ready to fix bugs or remove obstacles that prevent people  
from using FeynCalc in a particular way, but I'm not particularly keen  
to implement the handling of all that SumOver stuff out of the box
myself.  
Since different generation indices may also appear inside masses or  
couplings, one would need to have something more generic than
Contract,  
especially since those summations must not obey Einstein's convention.  

Cheers,  
Vladyslav  

Am 11.03.19 um 03:42 schrieb Vitaly Magerya:  
*\> Hi, Vladyslav. Thanks for the fix.*  
*\>*  
*\> I'm thinking that in a more general setup only the
SumOver[...,*  
*\> External] could be dropped from the conjugate amplitude; all of
the*  
*\> internal ones should be taken into account, in a case of quark
loops*  
*\> in both the left and the right amplitudes.*  
*\>*  
*\> I'm not sure if there can be IndexDeltas with Generation indices*  
*\> involved in an internal loop though; if so, then those need to be*  
*\> summed over \*before\* the multiplication by the conjugate
amplitude,*  
*\> because FCRenameDummyIndices will not rename them.*  
*\>*  
*\> I agree that qgraf/FORM/color.h combination is more flexible, of*  
*\> course. On the other hand it is more bug prone too, so it makes*  
*\> sense to double-check it with FeynArts+FeynCalc.*  
*\>*  

-----

  - **Next message:** [Timofey: "Contract and Levi-Civita"](1493.html)
  - **Previous message:** [Vitaly Magerya: "Re: Fermion flavors imported
    from FeynArts use the same SU(N) as the colors; what to
    do?"](1491.html)
  - **In reply to:** [Vitaly Magerya: "Re: Fermion flavors imported from
    FeynArts use the same SU(N) as the colors; what to do?"](1491.html)

-----

