**Name:** V. Shtabovenko
**Date:** 07/10/19-06:04:20 PM Z

  - **Next message:** [pengfu: "Problem on OneLoop and TID"](1519.html)
  - **Previous message:** [gghuen: "Higher points contact terms with
    FeynArts"](1517.html)
  - **In reply to:** [gghuen: "Higher points contact terms with
    FeynArts"](1517.html)

-----

Hi,  

the question is not really related to FeynCalc, since CreateTopologies  
is a FeynArts function. Anyway, you need to add more points to the  
Adjacencies option:  

?Adjacencies  

Adjacencies is an option of CreateTopologies. Its setting is a list  
{e1, e2, ...} of integers (ei \> 2) of allowed adjacencies of
vertices.  
The adjacency of a vertex is the number of propagators ending at that  
vertex. The two special cases ei = 1 and 2 are for external particles  
and counter terms, respectively, and are taken care of by  
CreateTopologies.  

E.g.  

top1 = CreateTopologies[0, 3 -\> 3, Adjacencies -\> {3, 4, 5,
6}]  
Paint[top1, AutoEdit -\> False]  

I disabled the automatic call to the shaper, but at some point you
might  
still need to shape those topologies to make them look nice.  

Cheers,  
Vladyslav  

Am 10.07.19 um 17:42 schrieb gghuen:  
*\> Hi,*  
*\> I want to use FeynCalc to do some amplitude computation in Effective
Field Theories. In particular, I am interested in higher points
(&\#119899;\>4) scattering amplitudes, that may receive contributions
from pure contact terms. When I create the topology for tree-level 3-\>3
processes, the result does not contain the topology of a contact term.
Instead, for a 2-\>2 process the contact term is considered in the
TopologyList. You can easily see this with the following commands*  
*\>*  
*\> $LoadFeynArts = True;*  
*\> <<FeynCalc\`;*  
*\> $FAVerbose = 0;*  
*\> FAPatch[PatchModelsOnly -\> True]*  
*\> top1 = CreateTopologies[0, 2 -\> 2];*  
*\> Paint[top1]*  
*\>*  
*\> top2 = CreateTopologies[0, 3 -\> 3];*  
*\> Paint[top2]*  
*\>*  
*\>*  
*\> Why contact terms of higher points amplitudes are not considered in
the TopologyList? Indeed, when computing 6pt amplitudes, the 6pt contact
terms of my model are not used while only 4pt contact terms are glued to
make 6pt amplitudes.*  
*\>*  

-----

  - **Next message:** [pengfu: "Problem on OneLoop and TID"](1519.html)
  - **Previous message:** [gghuen: "Higher points contact terms with
    FeynArts"](1517.html)
  - **In reply to:** [gghuen: "Higher points contact terms with
    FeynArts"](1517.html)

-----

