**Name:** V. Shtabovenko
**Date:** 08/08/19-01:55:49 PM Z

  - **Next message:** [Karl: "Contraction of Levi-Civita
    tensors"](1524.html)
  - **Previous message:** [ythang : "All outgoing momenta"](1522.html)
  - **In reply to:** [ythang : "All outgoing momenta"](1522.html)

-----

Hi,  

FCFAConvert simply renames the momenta in the FeynArts output like  
IncomingMomentum1 -\> p1. It doesn't perform any analytic continuation
from  
ingoing to outgoing states or vice versa.  

So either you generate the diagrams with everything outgoing from the
very  
beginning, or you need to do the analytic continuation by hand,  
including the  
mappings between the external states if you want to work on the  
amplitude level.  
For amplitudes squared it is somewhat simpler, since you would only
need  
to remap  
the momenta and pay attention to some imaginary parts.  

BTW, it might be simpler to do this with QGRAF, where the vertices and  
wave functions  
can be inserted at the very end of the amplitude manipulations. It
might  
also make  
sense performance-wise, since FeynArts is likely to become very slow
for  
6 external  
states already at 1-loop level. But then you are probably better off  
with QGRAF+FORM  
anyhow.  

Cheers,  
Vladyslav  

Am 08.08.19 um 01:58 schrieb ythang:  
*\> Hi again,*  
*\>*  
*\> what is the right way to compute an amplitude with the convention of
all outgoing momenta? Suppose I have a 4pt process (event 5pt or 6pt).
Naively, I would pass the following method to FCFAConvert*  
*\>*  
*\> IncomingMomenta -\> {-p1, -p2}, OutgoingMomenta -\> {p3, p4}*  
*\> IncomingMomenta -\> {-p1, -p2,-p3}, OutgoingMomenta -\> {p4,p5}*  
*\> IncomingMomenta -\> {-p1, -p2,-p3}, OutgoingMomenta -\>
{p4,p5,p6}*  
*\>*  
*\> for 4pt,5pt and 6pt respectively. Is that right?*  
*\>*  
*\> Thanks.*  
*\>*  

-----

  - **Next message:** [Karl: "Contraction of Levi-Civita
    tensors"](1524.html)
  - **Previous message:** [ythang : "All outgoing momenta"](1522.html)
  - **In reply to:** [ythang : "All outgoing momenta"](1522.html)

-----

