**Name:** Karl
**Date:** 08/14/19-04:07:57 PM Z

  - **Next message:** [V. Shtabovenko: "Re: Contraction of Levi-Civita
    tensors"](1526.html)
  - **Previous message:** [Karl: "Contraction of Levi-Civita
    tensors"](1524.html)
  - **Next in thread:** [V. Shtabovenko: "Re: Contraction of Levi-Civita
    tensors"](1526.html)
  - **Reply:** [V. Shtabovenko: "Re: Contraction of Levi-Civita
    tensors"](1526.html)

-----

Hi,  

i am calculating the tree level process e+ e- -\> t t\~ only with an Z
exchange, so no photon is involved. After the calculation i took this
squared element and wanted to check whether it fits numerically for a
specific phase space point  
 by comparing it for example with MadGraph. It turns out that both
values differ, so i calculated this process by hand and i see that i
obtain a different result than FeynCalc does and my result fits with  

the result from MadGraph. The difference can be traced back to the
contraction of the Levi Civita tensors occurring due to the gamma5 in
the vertices. Your implementation seems to use the opposite sign in
comparison to the usual definitions and this sign difference causes  

the result to be wrong. You can see it for example in the help menu when
you enter "Levi Civita" in the search field. There you find the
following example:  

In[7]:= t1 =  
 LeviCivita[\\[Alpha], \\[Beta], \\[Gamma],
\\[Rho]].LeviCivita[\\[Alpha], \\  
\\[Beta], \\[Gamma], \\[Rho]]  

In[8]:= Contract[t1]  

Out[8]= -D^4+6 D^3-11 D^2+6 D  

Setting D-\>4 in the result leads to -24, contrary to the usual
definition of 24. In the calculation one obtains:  

In[150]:=  
LeviCivita[\\[Mu], \\[Mu]C, \\[Nu],
\\[Rho]]\*  
  LeviCivita[\\[Mu], \\[Mu]C, \\[Alpha],
\\[Beta]] // Contract  

Out[150]= 2 Overscript[g,
\_]^(\\[Alpha]\\[Rho]) Overscript[g,
\_]^(\\[Beta]\\[Nu])-2 Overscript[g,
\_]^(\\[Alpha]\\[Nu]) Overscript[g,
\_]^(\\[Beta]\\[Rho])  

where the sign is again different to the usual definition. Is it
possible to cure this different sign such that i obtain a correct
result? Ultimately, i would like to calculate processes like e+ e- -\> t
t\~ g or with another gluon in the final state. By the way your result
is the same as in FORM.  

Thank you for your help.  

-----

  - **Next message:** [V. Shtabovenko: "Re: Contraction of Levi-Civita
    tensors"](1526.html)
  - **Previous message:** [Karl: "Contraction of Levi-Civita
    tensors"](1524.html)
  - **Next in thread:** [V. Shtabovenko: "Re: Contraction of Levi-Civita
    tensors"](1526.html)
  - **Reply:** [V. Shtabovenko: "Re: Contraction of Levi-Civita
    tensors"](1526.html)

-----

