**Name:** V. Shtabovenko
**Date:** 08/14/19-05:17:41 PM Z

  - **Next message:** [Xiangpeng Wang: "Possible Bug about SetMandelstam
    in D Dimension"](1527.html)
  - **Previous message:** [Karl: "Contraction of Levi-Civita
    tensors"](1525.html)
  - **In reply to:** [Karl: "Contraction of Levi-Civita
    tensors"](1525.html)

-----

Hi,  

in general, contracting two eps tensors yields  

e^{i1 i2 i3 i4} e\_{i1 i2 i3 i4} = 24 e^{0123} e\_{0123}  

Now the point is that you have some freedom in choosing what  
eps^{0123} should be. Notice that that whatever choice you make,  
the result for eps\_{0123} will be the opposite of that value, since  
the signature of the Minkowski spacetime is either (1,-1,-1,-1) or  
(-1,1,1,1).  

Notice that in the Euclidean spacetime the signature is (1,...,1) so  
there you always have  

e^{i1 ... in} e\_{i1 ... in} = e^{i1 ... in}^2 = n\!  

The "standard" choice (e.g. what is used in Peskin and Schroeder, cf.  
their Notations and Conventions chapter) is  

e^{0123} = 1 =\> e\_{0123} = - 1  

so that e^{i1 i2 i3 i4} e\_{i1 i2 i3 i4} = - 24.  

Bjorken and Drell, on the contrary, use  

e\_{0123} = 1 =\> e^{0123} = - 1  

but the result is still -24.  

Now FORM uses e^{0123} = I (sic\!), so that the result of the  
corresponding contraction should actually be 24 even in the  
Minkowski spacetime. However, since (in my understanding)  
FORM treats the eps tensors in a "Euclidean fashion",  
the contraction sort of corresponds to calculating  

e^{i1 i2 i3 i4} e^{i1 i2 i3 i4} = 24 e^{0123}^2 = - 24  

There is more on it in the chapter 15 of the FORM manual.  

FeynCalc like FORM doesn't distinguish between upper and lower
indices,  
but we account for e^{0123} = - e\_{0123} in the eps^2 contractions,
so  
that setting e^{0123} = I would give you 24 as expected.  

This is controlled by the global variable $LeviCivitaSign which
specifies  
the value of e\_{0123} and can be set to +/- 1 or +/- I.  

The default value -1 follows the Peskin convention. With  

$LeviCivitaSign = -I;  

evaluating  

LC[a, b, c, d]^2 // Contract  

returns 24.  

However, an important point is that the choice of e^{0123} should not
modify  
the value of the matrix element squared. After all, you don't want a  
positive |M|^2  
become negative only because you use a different convention.  

So even when you set e^{0123}=I you have to account for that when taking
the  
complex conjugate of the matrix element. If eps is purely imaginary,  
then of course  
(e^{mu nu rho si})^\* = - e^{mu nu rho si}, e.g.  

$LeviCivitaSign = -1  
LC[a, b, c, d] M\*ComplexConjugate[LC[a, b, c, d]
M]  
% // Contract  

and  

$LeviCivitaSign = -I  
LC[a, b, c, d] M\*ComplexConjugate[LC[a, b, c, d]
M]  
% // Contract  

which yields the same (as it should). So I don't know which
conventions  
MadGraph  
is using, but your discrepancy must be coming from elsewhere.  

PS Changing the values of e^{0123} also changes the values of the
Dirac  
matrix  
traces with one gamma^5. The FORM choice eliminates an overall I in
the  
trace  
formula, which of course has its advantages in large calculations.  

Cheers,  
Vladyslav  

Am 14.08.19 um 16:07 schrieb Karl:  
*\> Hi,*  
*\>*  
*\> i am calculating the tree level process e+ e- -\> t t\~ only with an
Z*  
*\> exchange, so no photon is involved. After the calculation i took
this*  
*\> squared element and wanted to check whether it fits numerically for
a*  
*\> specific phase space point by comparing it for example with
MadGraph.*  
*\> It turns out that both values differ, so i calculated this process
by*  
*\> hand and i see that i obtain a different result than FeynCalc
does*  
*\> and my result fits with*  
*\>*  
*\> the result from MadGraph. The difference can be traced back to
the*  
*\> contraction of the Levi Civita tensors occurring due to the gamma5
in*  
*\> the vertices. Your implementation seems to use the opposite sign
in*  
*\> comparison to the usual definitions and this sign difference
causes*  
*\>*  
*\> the result to be wrong. You can see it for example in the help
menu*  
*\> when you enter "Levi Civita" in the search field. There you find
the*  
*\> following example:*  
*\>*  
*\> In[7]:= t1 = LeviCivita[\\[Alpha],
\\[Beta], \\[Gamma],*  
*\> \\[Rho]].LeviCivita[\\[Alpha], \\
\\[Beta], \\[Gamma], \\[Rho]]*  
*\>*  
*\> In[8]:= Contract[t1]*  
*\>*  
*\> Out[8]= -D^4+6 D^3-11 D^2+6 D*  
*\>*  
*\> Setting D-\>4 in the result leads to -24, contrary to the usual*  
*\> definition of 24. In the calculation one obtains:*  
*\>*  
*\> In[150]:= LeviCivita[\\[Mu], \\[Mu]C,
\\[Nu], \\[Rho]]\* LeviCivita[\\[Mu],*  
*\> \\[Mu]C, \\[Alpha], \\[Beta]] //
Contract*  
*\>*  
*\> Out[150]= 2 Overscript[g,
\_]^(\\[Alpha]\\[Rho]) Overscript[g,*  
*\> \_]^(\\[Beta]\\[Nu])-2 Overscript[g,
\_]^(\\[Alpha]\\[Nu]) Overscript[g,*  
*\> \_]^(\\[Beta]\\[Rho])*  
*\>*  
*\> where the sign is again different to the usual definition. Is it*  
*\> possible to cure this different sign such that i obtain a correct*  
*\> result? Ultimately, i would like to calculate processes like e+ e-
-\>*  
*\> t t\~ g or with another gluon in the final state. By the way your*  
*\> result is the same as in FORM.*  
*\>*  
*\> Thank you for your help.*  
*\>*  

-----

  - **Next message:** [Xiangpeng Wang: "Possible Bug about SetMandelstam
    in D Dimension"](1527.html)
  - **Previous message:** [Karl: "Contraction of Levi-Civita
    tensors"](1525.html)
  - **In reply to:** [Karl: "Contraction of Levi-Civita
    tensors"](1525.html)

-----

