**Name:** V. Shtabovenko
**Date:** 09/21/19-11:32:42 AM Z

  - **Next message:** [George Katsianis: "Problem with
    DiracReduce/DiracSimplify"](1530.html)
  - **Previous message:** [V. Shtabovenko: "Re: Possible Bug about
    SetMandelstam in D Dimension"](1528.html)

-----

Dear FeynCalc users,  

since FeynCalc 9.3 is about to be released quite soon, here is  
a short summary of the most recent changes:  

\* FeynArts, PHI ans TRACER  

The new syntax to load FeynArts is  

$LoadAddons={"FeynArtsLoader"};  
\<\<FeynCalc\`  

This is because technically FeynArts is now loaded via an add-on  
called FeynArtsLoader. This makes it more consistent and easier  
to maintain.  

PHI, Frederik's addon for ChPT calculation was moved to a separate  
repository:  

https://github.com/FeynCalc/PHI  

As some of you probably know, PHI is  
currently not fully compatible with FeynCalc in the sense that  
many things do not work as they should. We certainly plan to  
improve on that, but this is not a short term goal. Anyhow, PHI  
is now also an add-on, so if you install it from the repository  
and want to run it, use  

$LoadAddons={"PHI"};  
\<\<FeynCalc\`  

Regarding TARCER, it is now also a proper add-on and should be loaded  
via  

$LoadAddons={"TARCER"};  
\<\<FeynCalc\`  

The old syntax with $LoadFeynArts, $LoadPhi and $LoadTARCER is
deprecated  
but still works.  

\* Gamma 5  

We refactored the mechanism to switch between different g^5 schemes,  
introducing new routines  

FCSetDiracGammaScheme["scheme"] and
FCGetDiracGammaScheme[]  

Available schemes are "NDR", "BMHV", "Larin" and "NDR-Drop"  

The two routines are fully documented and more infos are available in
the  
documentation center. In a nut shell, instead of writing say  

$BreitMaison=True;  
....  

you should now use  

FCSetDiracGammaScheme["BMHV"]  
...  

The old syntax with $BreitMaison and $Larin still works, though.  

Furthermore, we modified the behavior of the NDR scheme, so that now it
will  
not spam you with warning messages on any occurrence of traces with one
g^5,  
but rather keep such traces unevaluated. So if you know how to deal
with  
them, you can process the output accordingly.  

A new scheme we added is "NDR-Drop" which behaves exactly like NDR,
with  
the exception that any remaining traces with one g^5 that cannot be  
simplified any  
further, will be set to zero. This is meant for calculations where
such  
traces may occur but you know in advance that they do not contribute
to  
the final result. For more infos, see the documentation on DiracTrace  
and FCSetDiracGammaScheme.  

Cheers  
Vladyslav  

-----

  - **Next message:** [George Katsianis: "Problem with
    DiracReduce/DiracSimplify"](1530.html)
  - **Previous message:** [V. Shtabovenko: "Re: Possible Bug about
    SetMandelstam in D Dimension"](1528.html)

-----

