**Name:** V. Shtabovenko
**Date:** 11/12/19-07:22:02 PM Z

  - **Next message:** [Vladyslav Shtabovenko: "Re: Question on
    B1"](1541.html)
  - **Previous message:** [Jorge Romão: "Question on B1"](1539.html)
  - **In reply to:** [Sayan Ghosh: "PsedoScalar class"](1538.html)

-----

Hi,  

unfortunately, PHI is sort of broken since years, although some  
functions still work. This is also the reason why we decoupled it  
into a separate repository some weeks ago  

https://github.com/FeynCalc/PHI  

The automatic generation of models is something that is  
broken beyond repair, since it required extensive modifications  
of FeynArts, which become increasingly cumbersome with the  
newer FA versions.  

Nowadays I would rather use FeynRules to generate the desired model  
and export it for FeynArts. FeynCalc can deal with such models without  
much effort.  

If you then still need some PHI functionality that is not available  
in FeynCalc (like SUNReduce or UTrace), I could look into it.  

Cheers,  
Vladyslav  

Am 11.11.19 um 21:05 schrieb Sayan Ghosh:  
*\> Hello,*  
*\>*  
*\> I was trying to compute an Amplitude which contains pseudoscalar
particles. I tried to use $LoadPhi=true and PseudoScalar class. In the
Model I gave "Automatic". I am getting an error message*  
*\> "Cannot open "Automatic.mod"*  
*\>*  
*\> Here is the line that I was trying to execute*  
*\> diags = InsertFields[*  
*\> CreateTopologies[0,*  
*\> 2 -\> 2], {F[2, {1}], -F[2, {1}]} -\>
{PseudoScalar[0],*  
*\> PseudoScalar[0]}, InsertionLevel -\> {Classes},*  
*\> Model -\> "Automatic"];*  
*\>*  

-----

  - **Next message:** [Vladyslav Shtabovenko: "Re: Question on
    B1"](1541.html)
  - **Previous message:** [Jorge Romão: "Question on B1"](1539.html)
  - **In reply to:** [Sayan Ghosh: "PsedoScalar class"](1538.html)

-----

