**Name:** V. Shtabovenko
**Date:** 02/11/20-09:21:29 PM Z

  - **Next message:** [Liang-Liang Liu: "how to install FeynArts in
    FeynCalc 9.3"](1563.html)
  - **Previous message:** [D. Azevedo: "Errors from FC 9.2 to
    9.3"](1561.html)
  - **In reply to:** [D. Azevedo: "Errors from FC 9.2 to
    9.3"](1561.html)

-----

Hi,  

thanks for the bug report. ChangeDimension received some modification  
during the addition of Cartesian tensors, but the checks indeed seem
to  
be to restrictive. It should only care about the special case (\_Symbol
-  
4), while the rest should work as before. I pushed a fix to both  
repositories that should recover the old behavior.  

In general, for various reasons I would try to avoid having an
explicit  
Epsilon in the dimensions of Dirac matrices and tensors, but anyhow I  
think that you know what you are doing.  

Regarding PropagatorDenominator, its first argument is actually
supposed  
to be a linear combination of Momentum symbols. So the fact that  

FeynAmpDenominator[PropagatorDenominator[a, b]] // FCI  

used to work in the previous versions is rather undefined behavior
than  
something intentional, especially since PropagatorDenominator is an
FCI  
symbol that may appear  
only inside FeynAmpDenominator.  

It also was necessary to clean up the definitions of  
PropagatorDenominator to make sure that new things like  

DataType[z, FCVariable] = True;  
FAD[l, {l + z p, m}] // FCI // StandardForm  

(\*FeynAmpDenominator[PropagatorDenominator[Momentum[l,
D], 0],  
  PropagatorDenominator[Momentum[l, D] + z Momentum[p,
D], m]]\*)  

can work properly.  

Cheers,  
Vladyslav  

Am 11.02.20 um 17:12 schrieb D. Azevedo:  
*\> Hello,*  
*\>*  
*\> I am having problems running a notebook I have written in FC v9.2
(Mathematica 10) within a PC with FC v9.3 (Mathematica 12).*  
*\>*  
*\> I have generated tadpole diagrams using FeynArts and I want to have
the amplitude expression in FeynCalc form, for that I use:*  
*\>*  
*\> amps = FCFAConvert[CreateFeynAmp[DiagTadpolesBigH],*  
*\> IncomingMomenta -\> {p}, LoopMomenta -\> {q},*  
*\> UndoChiralSplittings -\> True, SMP -\> True, DropSumOver -\>
True,*  
*\> ChangeDimension -\> 4 - \\[Epsilon]] /.*  
*\> PropagatorDenominator[x\_, y\_] :\>*  
*\> FeynAmpDenominator[PropagatorDenominator[x, y]] /.
paramsubs //*  
*\> Contract*  
*\>*  
*\> But it doesn't accept the dimension change, it says*  
*\>*  
*\> ChangeDimension::failmsg: Error\! ChangeDimension has encountered a
fatal problem and must abort the computation. The problem reads:
Unsupported choice of dimension\!*  
*\>*  
*\> If I choose just \\[Epsilon] then it doesn't give me any
error but it seems the dimention becomes undefined. Also I need to
change*  
*\>*  
*\> PropagatorDenominator[x\_, y\_] :\>*  
*\> FeynAmpDenominator[PropagatorDenominator[x, y]]*  
*\>*  
*\> to*  
*\>*  
*\> PropagatorDenominator[x\_, y\_] :\>*  
*\>
FeynAmpDenominator[PropagatorDenominator[Momentum[x,4-\\[Epsilon]],
y]]*  
*\>*  
*\> for the propagator to behave "normally".*  
*\>*  
*\> Is there any change in this regard with the change of version of
FC?*  
*\>*  
*\> Cheers,*  
*\> Duarte*  
*\>*  
*\>*  

-----

  - **Next message:** [Liang-Liang Liu: "how to install FeynArts in
    FeynCalc 9.3"](1563.html)
  - **Previous message:** [D. Azevedo: "Errors from FC 9.2 to
    9.3"](1561.html)
  - **In reply to:** [D. Azevedo: "Errors from FC 9.2 to
    9.3"](1561.html)

-----

