**Name:** V. Shtabovenko
**Date:** 04/01/20-05:57:02 PM Z

  - **Next message:** [Huan Souza: "Re: Gravity"](1583.html)
  - **Previous message:** [Huan Souza: "Re: Gravity"](1581.html)
  - **In reply to:** [Huan Souza: "Re: Gravity"](1581.html)
  - **Next in thread:** [Huan Souza: "Re: Gravity"](1583.html)

-----

Ok. You can see the issue by running  

CreateFeynAmp[DiagramExtract[sesi, 5], Truncated -\> True,  
  MomentumConservation -\> False, GaugeRules -\> {},  
  AmplitudeLevel -\> Generic]  
FCFAConvert[%]  

FeynRules uses hard-coded propagators for the fields appearing in  
the model and for some reason the 2-tensor vector boson propagator  
includes only the massive version. What FeynRules puts as the  
propagator for h^{mu nu} is given e.g. in Eq. A.1 of hep-ph/9811350.  
Terms that go like q^mu q^nu / m\_h^2 obviously blow up for m\_h = 0  
(as you have it in your model). This happens already when FeynArts  
writes down the amplitude.  

The corresponding piece of the FeynRules code is around the line 662  
in FeynArtsInterface.m. This is what goes into the .gen file of your
model  
(after (\*tensor propagator:\*))  

You could contact the FeynRules developers, but it is difficult to say  
if and  
when they are going to fix that. The more pragmatic approach is to
edit  
your .gen file by hand and put there the correct expression for the
massless  
graviton propagator. Then you should be able to get your amplitudes
without  
issues and evaluate them with FeynCalc or whatever else.  

PS It is also possible to send files to this mailing list by just  
attaching them  
to your e-mail.  

Cheers,  
Vladyslav  

Am 01.04.20 um 14:49 schrieb Huan Souza:  
*\> I sended you an email with the FeynRules .fr file and the
Mathematica file. Thank you for your help.*  
*\>*  

-----

  - **Next message:** [Huan Souza: "Re: Gravity"](1583.html)
  - **Previous message:** [Huan Souza: "Re: Gravity"](1581.html)
  - **In reply to:** [Huan Souza: "Re: Gravity"](1581.html)
  - **Next in thread:** [Huan Souza: "Re: Gravity"](1583.html)

-----

